Dream: Academy
Awards
Interpretation: To dream that you at the Academy Awards indicates that you need to add some glamour into your life. If you win an Oscar, then it implies that you are looking for some sort of acknowledgment in your waking life.

Dream: Joint
Interpretation: To feel or notice your joints in your dream represent flexibility. It refers to a give and take situation and the need to work together as a team.

Dream: Garbage
Interpretation: To dream that you are throwing away garbage suggests that you are kicking your old negative habits and throwing away your bad characteristics and unwanted traits. Alternatively, garbage indicates that you are not taking responsibility for something.

Dream: Kerosene
Interpretation: To see or use kerosene in your dream symbolizes vigor, vitality and power. You are experiencing a burst of energy. It also suggests that a new idea is coming to fruition.

Dream: Landslide
Interpretation: To see a landslide in your dream represents emotions that you have been holding back for a long time. You are on the verge of emotional overload. Your emotions are erupting  in an unexpected or violent way.  The dream may also symbolize the stresses in your life and all the responsibilities that rest on your shoulders.

Dream: Wedding
Rehearsal
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a wedding rehearsal implies that you need to prepare yourself for an important transition in your life.

Dream: Carrom
Board
Interpretation: To see or play with a Carrom Board in your dream implies that you need to focus on your goals. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you are trying to shield or protect a loved one from some problem or issue.

Dream: Hangar
Interpretation: To see an airplane hangar in your dream represents your goals and aspirations. If the hangar is empty, then it means that you are feeling unmotivated. You have lost your way.

Dream: Waiting
Interpretation: To dream that you are waiting is indicative of issues of power/control and feelings of dependence/independence, especially in a relationship. Consider how you feel in the dream while you were waiting.  If you are patient, then you know things will happen at their own pace. If you are impatient, then it means that you are being too demanding or that your expectations are too high.

Dream: Baby
Clothes
Interpretation: To see baby clothes in your dream suggests that you are expressing yourself in a more subtle way. Alternatively, baby clothes represent your former ways of thinking or old habits which you have outgrown.

Dream: Bankrupt
Interpretation: To dream that you are bankrupt indicates that you need to start taking measures to protect  yourself and your resources. You may be feeling emotionally drained or physically overworked. The dream may be a sign of depression. Alternatively, to dream that you are bankrupt symbolizes feelings of insecurity.

Dream: Lactating
Interpretation: To dream that you are lactating refers to your strong maternal bond and instincts. If you are leaking or squirting milk, then it implies your enthusiasm or desire to be a mother. Referred to as "letdown", the dream may also be a metaphor that someone is letting you down.

Dream: Sample
Interpretation: To see product samples in your dream signify your need to experience and explore what is available out there for you. Take things a little at a time. Alternatively, samples represent a lack of commitment.

Dream: Watchdog
Interpretation: *Please See the Guard Dog.

Dream: YMCA
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are at the YMCA indicates that you are feeling spiritually and physically empowered. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor for "why". There is something that you need to question. YMCA may also refer to the song by the Village People and thus the dream is about a specific period of time or memory that the song brings back for you.

Dream: Emergency
Alert
Interpretation: To hear or see a message from the emergency alert system is a wake-up call to get aspects of your life in order. It is time to take action.

Dream: Jetty
Interpretation: To dream that you are on a jetty means that you are delving into your emotions. You are exploring your subconscious.

Dream: Cake
Interpretation: To see a cake in your dream indicates that you need to learn to share and allocate your workload instead of trying to do everything yourself.  Cakes also symbolize selfishness or the feeling of not getting your fair share. More positively, the dream may represent your accomplishments and achievements. Consider also the metaphor a "piece of cake" or some situation that is easy.

Dream: Implosion
Interpretation: To see an implosion in your dream symbolizes controlled anger. You are not fully letting yourself go.

Dream: Journal
Interpretation: To write or read a journal in your dream suggests that you are trying to change or rewrite the past in order to suit your own needs. Consider what is written in the journal and how it is similar or dissimilar to actual events in your waking life. Alternatively, the dream symbolizes some memory or event.

Dream: Vomiting
Interpretation: To dream that you are vomiting indicates that you need to reject or discard an aspect of your life that is revolting. There are some emotions or concepts that you need to confront and then let go.

Dream: Implants
Interpretation: To dream that you get or have breast implants refer to your body image issues. You are feeling insecure and self-conscious about the way you look. You are not measuring up to others. Alternatively, the dream is expressing your desires to be more sexual and/or sensual. The dream may also reflect your subconscious desires for bigger boobs.

Dream: Vasectomy
Interpretation: If you are a man and dream that you have a vasectomy, then it indicates that you are expressing some dissatisfaction about your sex life. Alternatively, it suggests some self-doubt or issues with your self-image.

Dream: Packing
Interpretation: To dream that you are packing signifies big changes ahead for you. You are putting past issues to rest or past relationships behind you. Alternatively, it represents the burdens that you carry.

Dream: Salad
Interpretation: To see or eat a salad in your dream suggests that you need to express your feelings and take in the positive influences in your life needed for personal growth. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you are longing for nature and good health.

Dream: Lamp
Interpretation: To see a lamp in your dream symbolizes guidance, hope, inspiration, enlightenment and reassurance. If the lamp is dimly lit or unlit, then it suggests that you are feeling overwhelmed by emotional issues. You have lost your ability to find your own way or see things clearly.

Dream: Gift
Interpretation: To dream that you are giving a gift signifies your generosity towards others. Alternatively, you may be trying to express some feeling or have something awkward to say that has to be carefully packaged. If you are showering someone with gifts, then it indicates that you are being overly pushy with your advice. Or that you are trying too hard to be accepted. If you are buying or giving someone expensive gifts, then it symbolizes the sacrifices you are making for that person. You want to make them feel important.

Dream: T
Interpretation: To see or eat tater tots in your dream implies that you are focusing too much on petty matters.

Dream: Jay
Leno
Interpretation: To see Jay Leno in your dream suggests that you are looking for some comic relief. Best known as a talk show host, perhaps you are looking for someone to open up to and freely express the feelings that you are keeping inside. Alternatively, the dream may indicate that something important or significant is happening tonight.

Dream: Weight
Interpretation: To dream of your own weight represents your self-worth, self-esteem, influence or power of persuasion. It is also indicative of the burdens you carry in life. Alternatively, weight represents your preoccupation with your physical shape and appearance. The dream may also be a pun for "wait".

Dream: Urination
Interpretation: To see urine in your dream represents the feelings you have rejected. Alternatively, the dream may be a pun on your "pissy" attitude.

Dream: Video
Interpretation: To dream that you are editing a video means that you are manipulating how someone views you. You are trying to keep up appearances and act as if everything in your life is going smoothly.

Dream: Ki
Interpretation: To see a killer in your dream suggests that an essential aspect of your emotions have been cut off. You feel that you are losing your identity and your individuality. Alternatively, this dream may represent purification and the healing process. You are standing up for yourself and putting a dramatic end to something.

Dream: Oblivious
Interpretation: To dream that you are oblivious suggests that you are too focused on one thing that you are missing out on something. Such a dream may be a wake up call!

Dream: Warthog
Interpretation: To see a warthog in your dream suggests that you need to take charge of your life.

Dream: Kumquats
Interpretation: To see kumquats in your dream symbolize luck and prosperity.

Dream: Paintbrush
Interpretation: To see or use a paintbrush in your dream represents harmony and creativity. It is also symbolic of your artistic talents.

Dream: Harpoon
Interpretation: To see or use a harpoon in your dream represents your desire to nail down a solution to a waking problem. You are ready to explore and confront certain emotions. A harpoon is also seen as a phallic symbol and thus represent all things masculine.

Dream: Manicure
Interpretation: To dream that you are getting a manicure represents glamour and beauty. You are seeking attention for the work you have done. You may also be expressing something beautiful and positive through your work.

Dream: Hanging
Interpretation: To watch a hanging in your dream represents feelings of insecurity. The hanging may symbolize aspects of yourself that you want to eliminate.

Dream: Abundance
Interpretation: To dream of having an abundance of a certain item indicates that you need to conserve your resources and energies. This dream may be a compensatory dream for something that you are lacking in life. More directly, abundance signifies happiness.

Dream: Fiancé
Interpretation: To see your fiancé in your dream symbolizes your waking relationship with him or her. Often dreams focus on suppressed feelings that you have yet to express to your fiancé.

Dream: Dementia
Interpretation: To dream that you or someone has dementia implies that there is a waking situation that is causing you to "lose your mind." Perhaps someone or some situation is literally driving you crazy. Alternatively, the dream may be reflective of someone in your waking life who is suffering from dementia.

Dream: Valley
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a valley symbolizes fertility, abundance, or your need to be sheltered and protected. If you are entering or walking through a valley, then it is analogous to your issues of death and dying. This death may be symbolic as in an end to something in your life. In other words, you are going through a transitional phase. Alternatively, the dream represents life's struggles and hardships before you can achieve some spiritual enlightenment or epiphany.

Dream: Landscape
Interpretation: To dream of various landscapes in your dream represent where you are in your life or in your relationships. How do you see yourself with respect to the rest of the world and those around you? Consider what is going on in the landscape and how it may parallel your own waking life. In particular, a barren or dry landscape depicts dissatisfaction in your love life. According to Freud, the dream landscape symbolizes the human body.  A landscape with gentle contours symbolize the female body, while a rocky landscape represents the male body. Also consider the feelings that the landscape invokes.

Dream: Canopy
Interpretation: To see a canopy in your dream symbolizes protection. You may also be elevated to a prominent position.

Dream: Emotions
Interpretation: Emotions expressed in dreams are a way for you to act out the feelings that you normally would not express if you were awake. The dream provides a "safe" outlet for these emotions instead of letting them get pent up. However if you feel of mix of emotions in your dream, especially if they are contradictory, then it means that your conscious and subconscious are in an emotional conflict.

Dream: Tea
House
Interpretation: To dream that you are at tea house symbolizes your social life. It is time to call up old friends and catch up with what they are all up to.

Dream: Jacket
Interpretation: To see or wear a jacket in your dream represents the image that you want to present and project to the outside world. Alternatively, it symbolizes your protective and defensive persona. You tend to distant your feelings and as a result, you may isolate yourself. Consider also the color, appearance, and type of jacket for additional significance.

Dream: Scrubs
Interpretation: To wear scrubs in your dream refers to your caring, supportive and giving nature. The dream may be a metaphor that you need to literally clean up your act and get back on track. You need to organize aspects of your life before you can progress forward.

Dream: Jumpsuit
Interpretation: To dream that you are wearing a jumpsuit indicates that you are feeling stuck in your own identity; you are losing control of who you are. In particular, if you are wearing a racing jumpsuit, then it suggests that you are too busy trying to keep up with your fast pace life. You need to stop and reflect on what you are doing. If you dream that you are wearing a skydiving jumpsuit, then it means that you are lacking control of where you life is going. You may be dealing with issues of substance abuse. Dreaming of wearing a prison jumpsuit implies you feel trapped in some relationship or situation.

Dream: Pantyhose
Interpretation: To see or wear a pantyhose in your dream represents alluring sexuality. Consider the color of the pantyhose. If it is nude or beige color, then it signifies your discreteness. If it is black, then it symbolizes your hidden sexuality waiting to be expressed. If it is red, then it represents overt sexuality. If the pantyhose is torn or have a run, then it indicates lacking self esteem and reduced self confidence.

Dream: Jeep
Interpretation: To see a jeep in your dream suggests that you need to adopt a more active lifestyle. You need to get out and start doing! Alternatively, the dream may be a pun on "jeepin", which is slang for having sex in the car.  Perhaps you need to add some excitement or non-conventionality to your sex life.

Dream: Vent
Interpretation: To see a vent in your dream symbolizes a release of emotions. You are looking for an outlet to express your feelings. If the vent is dusty, then it implies that you are avoiding certain feelings.

Dream: Identity
Theft
Interpretation: To dream that you are a victim of identity theft means that someone in your waking life is taking credit for your work.  Alternatively, you may be having this dream because you are experiencing an identity crisis. You feel lost and not sure where you are headed.

Dream: Abduction
Interpretation: To dream of being abducted indicates that you are being manipulated by your circumstances or by someone. You lack control of your own life.

Dream: Yarn
Interpretation: To see yarn in your dream symbolizes your connection and creativity. Alternatively, yarn in your dream means that you are stuck in a rut. You are going about your daily life in the same old tired pattern. If the yarn is tangled and knotted, then it implies that you are experiencing some emotional distress or confusion in a situation.

Dream: Navel
Interpretation: To see your navel in your dream represents your being and self. The dream may indicate that you need to find your center and middle ground. Alternatively, to dream of your navel signifies the bonding to their mother.

Dream: Ghoul
Interpretation: To see a ghoul in your dream suggests that your habits and negative ways are hindering your growth.  The dream may also represent a fresh beginning.

Dream: Red
Carpet
Interpretation: To dream that you are walking on a red carpet represents your desire to be admired and looked up to. You are seeking validation and acknowledgement for your achievements.

Dream: Deodorant
Interpretation: To see or put on deodorant in your dream represents your inner strength and your ability to rid yourself of harmful and destructive behaviors.

Dream: Neighborhood
Interpretation: To dream about your neighborhood represents a sense of community. You need to develop new friends and new ties. Consider your waking feelings toward your neighbors.

Dream: Warning
Interpretation: To receive a warning in your dream indicates that something in your waking life is in need of your attention. The dream may serve to make you stop and rethink the consequences of your action or decision.

Dream: Pantry
Interpretation: To see or open the pantry in your dream means that you have many resources within your reach. There is help when you need it. If the pantry is bare or empty, then it points to an emotional void that you are experiencing in your waking life.

Dream: Imprisonment
Interpretation: To dream that you are imprisoned suggests that you are feeling trapped or unable to move beyond a certain point. Perhaps your outdated beliefs or old ways of thinking is preventing you from going forward.

Dream: Zombie
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are a zombie suggests that you are physically and/or emotionally detached from people and situations that are currently surrounding you. You are feeling out of touch. Alternatively, a zombie means that you are feeling dead inside. You are just going through the motions of daily living.

Dream: Nest
Interpretation: To see a nest in your dream signifies comfort, safety, homeliness, protection, or new opportunities. Consider the condition of the nest and how it parallels your waking home situation and home life. Alternatively, the nest also means emotional dependency.

Dream: agna
Interpretation: To see or eat lasagna in your dream symbolizes warmth and comfort. Alternatively, it denotes the layers of your emotions.

Dream: Oar
Interpretation: To see or use oars in your dream signify control over your emotions. You are able to navigate through life based on the lessons and skills you have learned. If you are rowing energetically, then it suggests that you need to approach some situation with more aggression and determination.

Dream: Koala
Interpretation: To see a koala in your dream represents your link the physical world, the subconscious, and the spiritual realm. The koala also symbolizes security, nurturance, protection, and/or feminine qualities. You may be expressing a desire to regress back into infantile dependence and escape from your daily responsibilities/problems.

Dream: Video
Game
Interpretation: To dream that you are playing a video game represents your ability to manipulate others into doing what you want them to do. Alternatively, playing a video game suggests that you are trying to escape from the problems in your real life, instead of confronting it. Consider the type of video game and video game character for additional insights.

Dream: Jedi
Interpretation: To dream that you are a Jedi indicates that you are in tune with your spiritual powers. You need to believe in mind over matter. Or you need to trust in your own metal powers.

Dream: Watermelon
Interpretation: To see a watermelon in you dream represents emotions of love, desire,  lust, and fiery passion.  Pregnant women or women on the verge of their menstrual cycle often dream of watermelons due to their changing or bloated bodies. Alternatively, watermelons mean summertime ease, leisure, and relaxation.

Dream: Vishnu
Interpretation: To see Vishnu in your dream symbolizes love, mercy, grace, and truth. His appearance in your dream may be an indication that you need time for contemplation.

Dream: Sandbox
Interpretation: To see or play in a sandbox in your dream suggests that you are taking a situation too seriously. You need to lighten up and enjoy the experience. Alternatively, the dream refers to your childish or juvenile behavior.

Dream: Fall
Interpretation: To dream that you fall and are not frightened signifies that you will overcome your adversities with ease.

Dream: dillac
Interpretation: To see a Cadillac in your dream suggests that you are driven to succeed. Your ambition will take you far in life.

Dream: Deer
Interpretation: To see a deer in your dream symbolizes grace, compassion, gentleness, meekness and natural beauty. The deer has feminine qualities and may point to the feminine aspect within yourself. It also represents independence, alertness, and virility. Consider the symbol to be a pun for someone who is "dear" to you. Alternatively, the dream represents vulnerability and naiveté. As a result, others may take advantage of you and your gullibility.

Dream: Naive
Interpretation: To dream that you are being naive indicates that you may be too trusting. The dream is a wake up call.

Dream: Parkour
Interpretation: To dream that you are performing a parkour move indicates that you are not letting any obstacles stand in your way of your goals. Alternatively, the dream means that you are in tune with your surroundings and environment. You are able to adapt to any situation.

Dream: Halloween
Interpretation: To dream of Halloween signifies death and the underworld. Halloween also represents the temporary adoption of a new persona where you feel less inhibited and more comfortable to freely express yourself. You may also be trying to hide your true self. Alternatively, dreaming of Halloween reflects your childhood and the corresponding feelings that you associated with the holiday.

Dream: Macaroon
Interpretation: To see or eat a macaroon in your dream represents a well-rounded experience. You are successfully balancing different aspects of your life.

Dream: Viola
Interpretation: To see or viola in your dream represents your deeper, darker and more melancholy feelings.

Dream: Dandelion
Interpretation: To see dandelions in your dream represent pleasant and joyous surroundings. You are content with where you are at in life. Alternatively, the dream seeks to bring your back to your childhood and past memories.

Dream: Question
Interpretation: To question something in your dream signifies self doubt. The ability to question things in your dream may also lead to higher knowledge and spiritual enlightenment.

Dream: Pageant
Interpretation: To watch or dream that you are in a beauty pageant refers to your own insecurities about your appearances. You are constantly comparing yourself to others and how you measure up to them. You may also be subscribing to society's unattainable standards of beauty.

Dream: Jackfruit
Interpretation: To see or eat jackfruit in your dream symbolizes fertility and abundance. Alternatively, a jackfruit represents luck. The larger the jackfruit, the greater the luck.

Dream: Tampon
Interpretation: To see or wear a tampon in your dream signifies aggression. You are experiencing some tension that needs to be released. Alternatively, the dream may also be analogous to the phallus.

Dream: Takeout
Interpretation: To dream that you are ordering or eating takeout food implies that you are looking for some sort of emotional support. You are not spending enough time confronting your feelings or you have avoided your feelings for too long. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor that there is something that you need to "take out" or "take away" from your life.

Dream: Mail
Interpretation: To dream that receive mail indicates that you need to communicate or  re-establish contact with someone from your present or past. It may also represent messages from your subconscious or intuition. The mail may also be a pun on a "male" in your life.

Dream: Jelly
Interpretation: To see or eat jelly in your dream represents insight into a situation you have been wondering about. The dream may be a metaphor for something that is finally taking shape. You have come to some understanding. Alternatively, it indicates that you are preserving or maintaining a sweet relationship.

Dream: Pasta
Interpretation: To make or eat pasta in your dream represents your need for energy. Also consider the shape of the pasta and how it relates to a waking situation. Penne signifies your narrow perspective. Spaghetti noodles symbolize an entangling situation. Elbow shaped pasta represents your need to focus on yourself more. And corkscrew pasta means that some aspect of your life is out of control.

Dream: Up
Interpretation: To dream of being or moving up suggests that you are emerging from some depressing or negative situation. You may be feeling high or euphoric. The dream may also compensate for your waking feelings of sadness. Alternatively, it signifies that your ego is inflated. Or that you are experiencing upward mobility or progressing toward your goals.

Dream: Harbor
Interpretation: To see a harbor in your dream signifies shelter from a stormy relationship or chaotic situation. You may be seeking refuge until  you can recollect your thoughts and prepare for the challenges ahead. The dream may also be a metaphor suggesting that you are "harboring" some ill feelings.

Dream: East
Interpretation: To dream that you are headed east represents inner wisdom, rejuvenation, and spiritual enlightenment.  You need to dedicate yourself to your goals, family, career, etc. The direction east also symbolizes the sun. Since east is related to the direction right, it can suggest that you are headed in the right direction.

Dream: Parking
Meter
Interpretation: To see a parking meter in your dream indicates that your leisurely and carefree days are soon coming to an end. You need to decide on a goal and what you want to do with your life before your time runs out. Alternatively, a parking meter suggests that you need to adjust your attitude or run the risk of offending others.

Dream: Ice
Maker
Interpretation: To see an ice maker in your dream indicates that you are shutting others out and closing off your emotions. If the ice maker is broken, then it means that you are feeling weary.

Dream: Quadruplets
Interpretation: To see quadruplets in your dream represent wholeness. You are close to becoming who you really want to be. You will enjoy calmness and peace after a period of much chaos and problems.

Dream: Violence
Interpretation: To see violence in your dream indicates unexpressed anger or rage. You need more discipline in your life. If you enjoy the violence, then it points to your aggressive or sadomasochistic tendencies. The dream may also reflect repressed memories of child abuse. In particular, to dream that the violence is directed to yourself represents self punishment and guilt. You may be feeling helpless or vulnerable in some area of your life. Violence toward others in your dream suggests that you may be fighting or struggling against aspects of your own Self.

Dream: Camper
Interpretation: To dream that you are living in a camper indicates that you need to move on with some situation or some aspect of your life. You may be dwelling on a situation and it is time to move forward. Alternatively, you may be expressing your desire to be more independent and self-sufficient.

Dream: Watch
Interpretation: To see or wear a wristwatch in your dream suggests that you need to be more carefree and spontaneous. Your life is too structured. Or you are feeling limited and constrained. Alternatively, the wristwatch symbolizes the ticking of the human heart and thus is indicative of the emotional side of your life. The dream may also be a metaphor to indicate that you need to "watch out".

Dream: Eiffel
Tower
Interpretation: To see the Eiffel Tower in your dream symbolizes strength and longevity. You have a solid relationship and strong support system. Alternatively, the dream symbol refers to romance.

Dream: Nail
Polish
Interpretation: To polish your nails in your dream suggests that you need to put more focus onto what you are doing and what you are trying to accomplish.

Dream: Vigil
Interpretation: To dream that you attend a vigil suggests that you are looking for comfort and mutual understanding, especially with a difficult situation.

Dream: Barrier
Interpretation: To see a barrier in your dream represents an obstacle to your emotional growth. You may feel hindered in fully expressing yourself.  The dream may also indicate your resistance to change.

Dream: Dance
Class
Interpretation: To dream that you are in dance class indicates that you need to learn to let go. The dream may also be a metaphor that you are learning the steps to some new project, new process or new stage in your life.

Dream: Landlord
Interpretation: To see your landlord in your dream represents the part of yourself that is always in control. It refers to your rational and responsible side. Perhaps you need to show more restraint and control in certain areas of your psyche.

Dream: Maple
Interpretation: To see a maple in your dream symbolizes humility, warmth, and openness. It also indicates positive gains, happiness and fullness of life.

Dream: Darkness
Interpretation: To dream that darkness comes upon you signifies failure in some work that you are attempting.  Darkness is synonymous with ignorance, the subconscious, evil, death, and fear of the unknown. If the sun breaks through the darkness, then you will overcome your failures. If you feel safe in the dark, then it suggests that you like not knowing about certain things. As some might say, ignorance is bliss.

Dream: Earmuffs
Interpretation: To dream that you are wearing earmuffs means that you have a tendency to hear what you want to hear and not what was actually said. If you see someone else wearing earmuffs, then it implies that you have trouble making yourself heard. You have a difficult time to get others to listen to you.

Dream: Baby
Carriage
Interpretation: To see a baby carriage in your dream symbolizes your desire for a family or longing for a baby. If the baby carriage is empty, then it indicates sadness or an unfulfilled goal. Alternatively, it suggests that you need to cater to the needs of your own inner child.

Dream: Teleportation
Interpretation: To teleport in your dream represents your desires to escape your current situation or to move more faster and easier through it. You may be expressing some frustrations with how your waking life is proceeding and the slow speed that it is moving at.

Dream: Email
Interpretation: To dream about email indicates that you need to reach out to people who may not necessarily always physically be around. It could also very well mean that you have been spending too much time in front of the computer and this has carried over into your dreams.

Dream: Jesus
Interpretation: To see Jesus in your dream foretells that your greatest desires and goals will be realized. This dream serves to console and strengthen you in your times of adversity, hardship and struggle. You will rise above a difficult situation or circumstance and become victorious.

Dream: Parallel
Interpretation: To see a parallel line in your dream suggests that you like to avoid conflict and confrontation. The dream may also be highlighting how  you are too linear in your thinking.

Dream: Earth
Interpretation: To notice the earth in your dream indicates that you need to be "grounded" and realistic. Perhaps your sense of stability and security is lacking. Consider the consistency of the earth for additional significance on how you are feeling. If the earth opens or separates, then it represents a project or relationship that you are afraid of falling into.

Dream: Volunteer
Interpretation: To dream that you volunteer for something or are a volunteer represents the value of helping others in need. Perhaps someone or some situation calls for your help. It also implies charity and your willingness to offer your assistance. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you need to take more initiative and get involved with the way your life is going.

Dream: Death
Interpretation: To dream about the death of a loved one suggests that you are lacking a certain aspect or quality that the loved one embodies. Ask yourself what makes this person special or what you like about them. It is that very quality that you are lacking in your own relationship or circumstances. Alternatively, the dream indicates that whatever that person represents has no part in your own life anymore. In particular, to dream about the death of your living parents indicates that you are undergoing a significant change in your waking life. Your relationship with your parents has evolved into a new realm. If you dream about the death of a child, then it implies that you need to let go of your immaturity and start being more serious. As your child reaches certain milestones and grows into an adult, dreaming of their death may be symbolic of their own self-discovery, transition and transformation into a new stage of life.

Dream: Easter
Interpretation: To dream about Easter suggests that the worst of your problems are over. Things will look up for you after a period of darkness and sadness. It is time to walk with your head held high and stop being ashamed.  Alternatively, the dream symbolizes resurrection and spiritual rebirth.

Dream: Abscess
Interpretation: To dream that you have an abscess suggests that there is something that you need to express and get out into the open.

Dream: Parchment
Interpretation: To       see or dream that you are writing on parchment implies that there is       special importance in the words that you are seeing or writing. Pay       attention to the words and its significance to your waking life.

Dream: Kidnap
Interpretation: To dream that you are being kidnapped denotes feelings of being trapped and restricted. Someone or some situation may be diverting your concentration and your attention away from your goals. In particular, to dream that you are kidnapped by your ex-boyfriend suggests that your ex still has some sort of emotional hold on you.

Dream: Cabinet
Interpretation: To see a cabinet in your dream symbolizes the female body and/or the womb. Alternatively, you may be hiding some family or personal secret. Consider the contents and condition of the cabinet for more clues.

Dream: Tamale
Interpretation: To eat or make tamales in your dream symbolize togetherness and spiritual bonding. Alternatively, the dream represents the importance of learning from past generations.

Dream: Imprint
Interpretation: To make an imprint in your dream means that you want to leave a lasting impression in some area of your life. It also refers to a memory or to something in the past that you are holding onto. Consider what kind of imprint is being made.

Dream: Mahjong
Interpretation: To see or play mahjong in your dream refers to a situation in your waking life that requires strategy, patience and composure. Consider the significance of the mahjong tile and look up the corresponding meaning, whether it be one of the wind directions or a number.

Dream: Decay
Interpretation: To see something decay in your dream signifies the degradation of a situation or circumstance. It may also represent the death of an old situation before the rebirth into a new stage.

Dream: Fence
Interpretation: To see a fence in your dream signifies an obstacle or barrier that may be standing on your path. You may feel confined and restricted in expressing yourself. Are you feeling fenced in some situation or confined in some relationship? Alternatively, the fence symbolizes your need for privacy. You are trying to shut off the rest of the world. If there is a hole in the fence, then the hole is encouragement that you can overcome and conquer whatever obstacles may be in your way. It may also mean that your privacy is being compromised.

Dream: Farewell
Interpretation: To dream that you are saying farewell signifies an end to some relationship or phase in your life.

Dream: Search
Interpretation: To dream that you are searching for something signifies the need to find something that is missing or needed in your life. The dream may be analogous to your search for love, spiritual enlightenment, peace or even a solution to a problem. meanings by DreamMoods.com

Dream: Past
Life
Interpretation: To       dream that you have a past life indicates greater awareness of your       subconscious. You are seeking for better understand of your Self and of       your origins. The past life may reflect an actual past life or it may be       the life that your parents or grandparents or ancestors were living.       Alternatively, the dream refers to previous lessons that you can learn       from. You are open to rectifying current issues in order to move forward.

Dream: Dance
Floor
Interpretation: To see a dance floor in your dream implies that you need to be more expressive. It is time to let loose. If there is no one on the dance floor, then it means that you are lacking an outlet to express yourself. You feel that you can't be who you really are.

Dream: Maid
Interpretation: To see or have a maid in your dream suggests that you are depending too much on others for their help. You need to be more independent and look after your own self.

Dream: Scar
Interpretation: To see a scar in your dream symbolizes your struggles, painful memories and/or the bad feelings that has never entirely healed and are still lingering in your mind. Perhaps you are living too much in the past as it is influencing and effecting your present life. Alternatively, a scar represents deep-seated insecurities which may be holding you back from accomplishing your goals.

Dream: Electric
Fence
Interpretation: To see an electric fence in your dream indicates that anger has caused you to isolate yourself from everyone else. Or it may be that others may be afraid to approach you because of your highly charged personality.

Dream: Bagel
Interpretation: To see or eat a bagel in your dream  suggests that there is key element missing from your life. You are not completely whole.  Alternatively, it refers to sexual urges.

Dream: Paint
Interpretation: To see paint in your dream symbolizes expression of your inner emotions. Consider the color of the paint and how the color makes your feel. It is this feeling that you need to express more in your waking life.

Dream: Captive
Interpretation: To dream that you are held captive suggests that you are feeling trapped in some aspect or circumstances of your waking life. You may feel trapped in your career, relationship or life in general. Alternatively, captivity dreams indicate something you are refusing to acknowledge or something that you are in denial about.

Dream: Lanai
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are in a lanai indicates that you are open-mined and easy-going. You are receptive to new ideas. As a Hawaiian island, it symbolizes your need to escape and get away from your daily responsibilities.  Give yourself a vacation.

Dream: Banquet
Interpretation: To dream that you are at a banquet indicates that you are emotionally malnourished. You are seeking emotional stimulation.

Dream: Immolation
Interpretation: To see someone being immolated in your dream indicates that a major transformation is taking place in your life.

Dream: Jacuzzi
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a Jacuzzi suggests that you need to cleanse your emotions and rid yourself of all the negativity you are experiencing in your sex life.

Dream: Narrow
Interpretation: To dream about narrow spaces indicate that you are experiencing some struggle in your life journey. You are feeling restricted and confined. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor for your narrow-mindedness. Something narrow is also symbolic of female sexuality.

Dream: Adopt
Interpretation: To dream that you or others are adopting a child indicates that you are taking on something new and different. Ask yourself what is missing in your life that would make you happy.

Dream: Jazz
Interpretation: To hear or play jazz music in your dream symbolizes excitement and/or creative freedom. You feel free to express yourself in a situation. This interpretation will also depend on whether you like or hate jazz music.  If you like jazz music, then the dream indicates a positive outcome. If you don't like jazz, then it implies that something is not going your way.

Dream: va
Interpretation: To see a larva in your dream symbolizes a rebirth. You are undergoing some inner changes and transformation.

Dream: Laughing
Interpretation: To hear laughing or dream that you are laughing suggests that you need to lighten up and let go of your problems.  Don't put so much pressure on yourself. Laughing is also a sign of joyous release and pleasure. If you are being laughed at, then it indicates your insecurities and fears of not being accepted.

Dream: Balloon
Interpretation: To see balloons in your dream indicate declining hopes and disappointments in your search for love. A situation in your life will take a turn downward. Balloons also represent arrogance and an inflated opinion of yourself.

Dream: Recliner
Interpretation: To see or sit on a recliner in your dream suggests that you need to take a step back to evaluate a situation. Since a recliner is sometimes referred to as a "lazy boy", the dream may indicate that you are unproductive.

Dream: Voyeurism
Interpretation: To dream that you are a voyeur suggests that you are afraid of your own desires and fantasies. You may also be afraid of getting close to some relationship or situation.

Dream: Teenager
Interpretation: If you are beyond your adolescence and you dream that you are a teenager, then the dream suggests that you are acting immaturely. An aspect of yourself may still need some developing in order to achieve fulfillment. Alternatively, to dream that you are a teenager suggests that you are struggling for your independence and autonomy.

Dream: Ghost
Interpretation: To see a ghost in your dream represents something that is no longer obtainable or within reach. It indicates that you are feeling disconnected from life and society. Try to figure out what the ghost wants or what it is looking for. The dream may also be a calling for you to move on and abandon your outdated modes of thinking and behavior.

Dream: ndromat
Interpretation: To dream that you are at a Laundromat represents a transformation or cleansing.  You are ready to rid yourself of past hurts. It is time for new changes.

Dream: Rambling
Interpretation: To dream that you are rambling suggests that you have a lot that you need to get off your mind. You need to express these thoughts and feelings in your waking life or it will continue to haunt you in your dream state.

Dream: Lab
Coat
Interpretation: To see or wear a lab coat in your dream symbolizes your protective nature. Alternatively, the dream implies your desire to sanitize a situation. Perhaps you are even trying to cover it up. Label To dream that you are labeling something represents your need for organization and order. Alternatively, it may also indicates that you are too quick to label something and pigeonhole it. Perhaps you are the one being labeled. To see or read labels in your dream indicate that you have unknowingly exposed certain private matters, due to your carelessness and neglect. To dream that something is mislabeled indicates that you are looking at things the wrong way. Try another perspective. To dream that a label is missing on something indicates that you are feeling lost. You are in need of some direction. Labor To dream that you are laboring suggests that your goals will take a lot of hard work to accomplish. If you are a woman and dream that you are in labor indicates your desire to be pregnant and to start a family. To experience or feel pre-term labor pains or Braxton Hicks contractions in your dream indicate the anticipation of hard work ahead. If you are actually pregnant, then the dream serves as a rehearsal for the actual birth. The dream is trying to prepare you for labor and proper breathing. To dream that someone goes into labor prematurely implies that you need to be better prepared for unexpected challenges that may come your way. Laboratory To dream that you are in a laboratory suggests that you are experimenting with your inner feelings, beliefs, or fears. You are testing yourself or some relationship. Alternatively, being in a laboratory means you are going through some sort of transformation. Labrador To see a Labrador in your dream is a sign that you are on the right path. The Labrador may also be sending you a message of loyalty, commitment and unconditional love. Perhaps these are things that you need to build or work on in your waking relationships. Labyrinth To see or dream that you are in a labyrinth indicates your desires to get to the center of some issue or problem. Alternatively, it suggests that you are feeling trapped in some situation. You feel lost and that there is no way out. Lace To see lace in your dream points to your sensuality and femininity.  Alternatively, it denotes tradition and old fashioned ideals. Perhaps you are being overly practical in some area of your life. Lacrosse To watch or play lacrosse in your dream symbolizes teamwork and cooperation. You can achieve your goals through hard work and dedication. Alternatively, the dream is a metaphor for the game of sex. Your behavior and game play represents your attitudes toward sex. Lactating To dream that you are lactating refers to your strong maternal bond and instincts. If you are leaking or squirting milk, then it implies your enthusiasm or desire to be a mother. Referred to as "letdown", the dream may also be a metaphor that someone is letting you down. * Please See Also Breastfeeding. Ladder To dream that you are climbing up a ladder suggests that you have reached a new level of achievement. It is symbolic of prosperity, hard work and your efforts. Consider also the phrase of "climbing the social ladder" in which you have achieved a promotion, a higher status, more power, or an important goal.  Alternatively, it indicates meditation and prayer. You are setting forth on  a spiritual path and higher awareness. Each rung of the ladder is symbolic of a stage in your spiritual awareness. The dream may also highlight how you are looking things from a different perspective. To dream that you are climbing down a ladder suggests that you are escaping from your spiritual responsibilities. It is an indication of future disappointments. To dream that you are walking under a ladder signifies bad luck. Perhaps you are having regrets over a decision you made. To dream that someone is holding a ladder for you indicates that you will find success if you have the support of others. You will rise to a level of prominence. To dream that you fall from a ladder denotes the hardships, risks or failures you are faced with in your endeavors. To see a broken ladder in your dream indicates consistent failures in your undertakings. You may feel that you are being handicapped in pursuing your goals. To dream that you escape by means of a ladder signifies that you will be successful after much struggle and obstacles. **See The Meaning In Action: " Stuck At The Top " Ladle To see a ladle in your dream suggests that you are being nourished with love. It is symbolic of healing and comfort. Also consider what you are ladling. To see a broken ladle denotes grief and sorrow in love. Ladybug To see a ladybug in your dream symbolizes beauty and good luck. The dream may also be a metaphor for a lady who is bugging you in your waking life. Perhaps there is an issue that you need to address with this lady. If the ladybug is unusually big, then it is analogous to the magnitude of the problem. Lagoon To see a lagoon in your dream signifies some misunderstanding and doubt in what you are saying. Alternatively, it symbolizes stagnant emotions. Lair To see or dream that you are in an animal lair symbolizes your subconscious mind. It signals self discovery. Alternatively, it represents a place where you feel safe and protected. Figure out what or who you are hiding from. Consider also the type of animal lair and look up the significance of that particular animal. Lake To see a lake in your dream signifies your emotional state of mind. You feel restricted and that you can't express your emotions freely. Alternatively, the lake may provide you with solace, security, and peace of mind. If the lake is clear and calm, then it symbolizes your inner peace. If the lake is disturbed, then you may be going through some emotional turmoil. Lamb To see a lamb in your dream symbolizes deception. The lamb is also representative of something vulnerable, pure and innocent. Consider the metaphor "as gentle as a lamb". To dream that you are holding a lamb in your arms refers to the sacrifices in your life. Lamborghini To see or drive a Lamborghini in your dream suggests that you are moving too quickly and aggressively in some area of your life. You are living life in the fast lane. Lame To dream that you or someone is lame signifies disappointments and failures in realizing your hopes and desires. Ask yourself who or what is holding you back. You may have lost your confidence. Don't be afraid to ask for help when you need it. Lament To lament for something in your dream indicates that you are still in mourning over a loss. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you need to stop feeling sorry for yourself and have a more positive outlook in your life.  Only after overcoming your issues and adversities will you enjoy pleasure and realize personal gains. Lamia To see Lamia in your dream suggests that you are rejecting your inner child. Alternatively, dreaming of Lamia indicates that a woman figure in your life who may be untrustworthy or cutthroat. She may be sucking away your energy and/or resources. Lamp To see a lamp in your dream symbolizes guidance, hope, inspiration, enlightenment and reassurance. If the lamp is dimly lit or unlit, then it suggests that you are feeling overwhelmed by emotional issues. You have lost your ability to find your own way or see things clearly. To see a broken lamp in your dream suggests that you are shutting out those who are trying to help you. It is also symbolic of disappointments, misfortune and bad luck. Lamppost To see a lamppost in your dream indicates that light needs to be shed on some dark situation. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you are coming out of a depressing or gloomy phase. Lampshade To see a lampshade in your dream indicates that you are seeking protection from some intense energy or power. You may be trying to shield yourself or be less noticeable. Lanai To see or dream that you are in a lanai indicates that you are open-mined and easy-going. You are receptive to new ideas. As a Hawaiian island, it symbolizes your need to escape and get away from your daily responsibilities.  Give yourself a vacation. Lance To see a lance in your dream represents initiative and direction. You have set your sight on a goal or path and are taking a firm stance on your beliefs. The lance is also symbolic of masculine power and may have phallic connotations. To dream that you are wounded by a lance denotes that you have made a poor judgment and are facing the consequences. Land To see land in your dream represents your need to be more grounded or down to earth. You are looking for a strong foundation and some stability. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor for something that you have "landed" as in a job, a part in a play, etc. To see rocky or barren land denotes failure in your undertakings. Land Mine To see or set a land mine in your dream suggests that you are under some extreme pressure or stress. You fear making mistakes or tripping up on some project. Alternatively, a land mine symbolizes emotions or issues that can potentially explode if they are not properly addressed. Landing To see the landing of an aircraft in your dream signifies completion of a journey or some task. Some issues that were previously out of control have been resolved. Landau To dream that you are riding in a landau represents light-hearted companionships. To see an overturned landau in your dream indicates that the good times are about to come to an abrupt end. Landfill To see a landfill in your dream represents ideas that you have discarded. It also refers to rejected aspects of yourself or of someone's character. You may be trying to confront or come to terms with these rejections. Landlord To see your landlord in your dream represents the part of yourself that is always in control. It refers to your rational and responsible side. Perhaps you need to show more restraint and control in certain areas of your psyche. Landscape To dream of various landscapes in your dream represent where you are in your life or in your relationships. How do you see yourself with respect to the rest of the world and those around you? Consider what is going on in the landscape and how it may parallel your own waking life. In particular, a barren or dry landscape depicts dissatisfaction in your love life. According to Freud, the dream landscape symbolizes the human body.  A landscape with gentle contours symbolize the female body, while a rocky landscape represents the male body. Also consider the feelings that the landscape invokes. To dream of ever changing landscapes indicates psychological transitions or emotional progress. It represents the various stages in your life. Alternatively, it may be offering you various viewpoints in looking at the same idea or situation. Something may be slipping away from your grasp. Look at the symbolism of key elements in the landscape. Landslide To see a landslide in your dream represents emotions that you have been holding back for a long time. You are on the verge of emotional overload. Your emotions are erupting  in an unexpected or violent way.  The dream may also symbolize the stresses in your life and all the responsibilities that rest on your shoulders. Lane To dream that you are changing lanes indicate your impatience. It also means that you need to change your attitude and your way of thinking. Language To dream that you are studying a language suggests that you are having difficulties expressing your thoughts. You are confronted with an unfamiliar problem that you do not know how to approach and resolve. To hear foul or vulgar language in your dream signifies an embarrassing situation. To hear or speak a foreign language in your dream indicates a message from your subconscious that you do not yet understand. Lantern To see or carry a lantern in your dream represents the feelings and wisdom that are radiating from within you. These qualities will serve to guide you through life's journey. Lap To notice your lap in your dream implies opportunities or problems. It also refers to loneliness and loss. To dream that you are sitting on someone's lap represents your search for stability and security. To dream that you are holding someone on your lap signifies your caring and supportive nature. Alternatively, the dream implies that you are open to criticism. Lap Dance To give or perform a lap dance in your dream suggests that you may be repressing your sexual desires. Perhaps you are feeling inhibited in discussing your sexual pleasures. To see or receive a lap dance in your dream indicates your need for a little more excitement in your sex life. Or you are looking for some intimacy. Lapis To see a lapis in your dream suggests that no one is perfect. You need to accept yourself along with your imperfections. Look within your own self and your inner strength. Alternatively, the dream represents success, wisdom and divine power. Laptop To see or use a laptop in your dream represents your need to reach out and communicate with others in any circumstance. To dream that your laptop is missing or stolen indicates that you are relying too much on your social network. You need to try and make it on your own abilities and merit. Lard To see or eat lard in your dream suggests that you need to be vigilant about cutting out the negativities in your life. Alternatively, the dream represents your concerns over food and health issues. Large *Please See Big. Lark To see larks flying in your dream symbolize high aspirations. If they fall during flight, then it indicates your fall from grace and loss of innocence. To hear larks singing in your dream signify success, pleasure and joy. You need to consider a change of environment in order to find happiness. Lar va To see a larva in your dream symbolizes a rebirth. You are undergoing some inner changes and transformation. Laryngitis To dream that you have laryngitis indicates a loss of identity and a lack of personal power. You are unable to speak up and stand up for yourself. Alternatively, the dream points to your inability to convey a certain message. You are not sure how to put into words what you want to say to somebody. Las Vegas To dream that you are in Las Vegas refers to excess and  overindulgence.  You need to show some restraint in some area of your life.  Alternatively, to dream of Vegas suggests that your good judgment is being clouded by all the emotional turmoil and chaos. Las agna To see or eat lasagna in your dream symbolizes warmth and comfort. Alternatively, it denotes the layers of your emotions. Laser To see a laser in your dream symbolizes clarity and truth. You are seeing and understanding things much more clearly.  Alternatively, it suggests that you need to focus your attention and concentrate on one task at a time. Lasso To dream that you are swinging a lasso suggests that there is some situation, object or relationship that you are trying to hold on to. Consider the significance of what you are lassoing. *Please See Also Rope . Latch To see a latch in your dream symbolizes your sense of security. It refers to the things you reveal and the aspects of yourself that you keep to yourself. Late To dream that you are late signifies your fear of change and your ambivalence about seizing an opportunity. You may feel unready, unworthy, or unsupported in your current circumstances. Additionally, you may be overwhelmed or conflicted with decisions about your future. Time is running out and you no longer have time to accomplish all the things you want. Alternatively, being late in your dream could be telling you that it is better late than never. Latin To dream that you are studying Latin indicates your position of prominence and distinction. It also refers to your scholarly pursuits. Laudanum To dream that you or someone is taking laudanum represents your lack of willpower. You are easily persuaded and influenced by others. Laughing To hear laughing or dream that you are laughing suggests that you need to lighten up and let go of your problems.  Don't put so much pressure on yourself. Laughing is also a sign of joyous release and pleasure. If you are being laughed at, then it indicates your insecurities and fears of not being accepted. To hear evil, demonic laughing in your dream represents feelings of humiliation and/or helplessness. You feel that someone is working against you. Laughing Gas To inhale laughing gas in your dream suggests that you are being too serious or uptight. You need to lighten up. Alternatively, laughing gas implies that you are trying to numb yourself from some emotional pain. You are trying to escape from your waking problems. Launch To see a successful launch in your dream indicates that a new project or relationship is taking off. To see a failed launch in your dream represents failed attempts and disappointments. There is a weakness in your way of thinking. Lau ndromat To dream that you are at a Laundromat represents a transformation or cleansing.  You are ready to rid yourself of past hurts. It is time for new changes. Laundry To dream that you are doing your laundry suggests that you are cleaning up your act or changing your image. Perhaps, you are too concerned about how you appear to others. To dream that you are sorting the laundry indicates that you are trying to understand your own feelings and sort your attitudes. Laundry Chute To see a laundry chute in your dream suggests that you are not allowing others dictate how your should look or act.  Your mind is your own. Alternatively, it signifies exploration of your subconscious and/or acknowledgement of your negative emotions. Laurel To see or wear a laurel in your dream symbolizes success and victory. You  have overcome a difficult task and are being rewarded for a job well done. Alternatively, the dream may be a pun on someone who is named "Laurel" in your life. Lava To see lava in your dream signifies violent anger which you have kept inside for a period of time. **See The Meaning In Action: " Lava " Lava Lamp To see a lava lamp in your dream represents slow, fluid motion. Something in your waking life is moving in a similar fashion as the lava lamp. Perhaps, you are taking your time to do something and making sure it is thorough. Consider the color of the lava lamp for clues. Lavender To see lavender in you dream indicates mysticism and spiritual cleansing. To smell lavender in your dream symbolizes calmness, peace and serenity. You need to cool off. Law To dream that you are referring to the law suggests that you need to show more restraint in certain areas of your life. To dream that you are studying law denotes success in your endeavors and projects. Lawn To see a green lawn in your dream represents hope, pleasure, and well-being.  You are in control and are making steady and smooth progress. If the lawn is overgrown or full of weeds, then it means that you are not taking good care of yourself. To see a dead or brown lawn in your dream signifies dissatisfaction with some aspect of your home life. You may also be too concerned about what other people think. Lawn Chair To see or sit on a lawn chair in your dream implies that you need to stop and take a break from some problem or issue in your waking life. You need to approach the problem from a fresh new perspective. Alternatively, the dream simply means that you need to rest and relax. Lawn Mower To see a lawn mower in your dream suggests that you need to channel your negative thinking into positive energy. You also need to keep your temper and attitude under control. Alternatively, the dream points to your need to keep up your appearances. Lawsuits To dream that you are involved in a lawsuit indicates feelings of guilt and fear of being caught. You have insecurities and concerns of being judged or criticized for your actions. Lawyer To see or dream that you are a lawyer means that help is available to you if you ask. You need to put aside your pride and look upon others for their assistance. On a more direct level, the dream indicates that you are concerned or preoccupied with some legal issue in your waking life. Laxative To see or take a laxative in your dream suggests that you need to let go of the emotional hurt and fears that you are still harboring inside. It is time to cleanse your body and spirits. Lazy To dream that you are feeling lazy means that you are feeling emotionally drained; you need to take a break from life. The dream may be an actual reflection of your waking state. To dream that others are lazy indicates feelings of resentment. You feel that you are doing the work, while others are not pulling their own weight. Lazy Susan To see or use a lazy susan in your dream implies that you are in a state of stagnation. You feel that you are going no where with your life. Alternatively, a lazy susan may have the same symbolism as a circle. Lead To see lead in your dream indicates that there is a problem or issue that is burdening you. Perhaps a relationship or some guilt is weighing you down. To see a lead mine in your dream denotes deceit. Leader To dream that you are a leader represents your ability to assert your ideas and/or offer guidance to others. The dream may also be telling you that you are being too passive and need to take a more active role in a situation. Take control over your life and behavior. Leaf *Please See Leaves . Leaf Blower To see or use a leaf blower in your dream means that you need to collect your thoughts and/or ideas together in order to better process and understand. Leaflet To see or read a leaflet in your dream refers to your open-mindedness and quest for knowledge. You are open to other viewpoints and opinions. Leak To see a leak in your dream symbolizes loss, disappointments, frustrations and distress. You are wasting your energy on fruitless endeavors. Alternatively, the dream indicates some repressed feelings emerging from your subconscious or from your past. Metaphorically, the dream may suggest that some secret information has "leaked" out. Leaning To dream that you are leaning on somebody symbolizes your dependency on that person. You need to learn to stand on your own. Conversely, if someone is leaning on you in your dream, then it signifies your responsibilities. You are feeling the weight of other's burdens. Leaping To dream that you are leaping over an object indicates that you will eventually achieve your desires and goals after some effort and struggle. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor for "taking a leap" or taking a chance on a new relationship or situation. Try to step outside your comfort zone. Consider also the phrase "leap of faith". *Please also see Jumping . Learn To dream that you are learning something signifies your never-ending quest in acquiring knowledge. You are seeking a deeper knowledge and a deeper understanding of yourself. To dream that you are in a place of learning represents your success and your rise to distinction. Leash To dream that you are holding a leash indicates a need for more control in your life. You need to take the lead in some projection or situation. To dream that you are wearing a leash suggests that you need to show more restraint with regards to your sexual urges and desires. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you are too easily led or too easily influenced. You are letting other people control you and take you in a direction that you do not really want to go. To dream that the leash is broken or that your pet has broken free from the leash implies that you have successfully broken away from somebody's control and influence. Leather To see or wear leather in your dream represents toughness and ruggedness. It may imply your thick-skinned nature. Or perhaps you are seeking protection from the elements. Alternatively, the dream refers to your instinctual and animalistic nature. It may also have sexual connotations. Leaves To see leaves in your dream signify new found happiness and improvements in various aspects of your life. It is symbolic of fertility, growth and openness. Alternatively, leaves represent a passage of time. Depending on the color and type of leaf, the dream could be highlighting a certain period of time. The leaves may also be a metaphor to "leave" you alone. To see brown, gray or withered leaves in your dream signifies fallen hopes, despair, sadness and loss. If you are sweeping or raking leaves, then it represents the end of a project, relationship or situation. It also signifies experience. To dream that you are digging leaves out of your ear literally means that your dream is trying to tell you to "leave" some situation or relationship. Leaving To dream that someone is leaving you refers to feelings of rejection or of not being able to keep up. You are questioning your abilities. Perhaps you are not utilizing your full potential. Alternatively, the dream indicates an end to something; you are ready to let go of the past and move forward.

Dream: Jar
Interpretation: To see a jar in your dream symbolizes the feminine womb. You are seeking protection. The dream may also be a pun on feeling "jarred" or shaken up by something or someone.

Dream: Actor/Actress
Interpretation: To see an actor or actress in your dream represents your pursuit for pleasure. Your admiration of a particular celebrity may lead to a desire to have some of their physical or personality traits. Consider also who this actor/actress is and what characteristics you associate with her or him. These may be the same characteristics that you need to acknowledge or incorporate into yourself. The dream may also be a pun on her or his name.

Dream: Vagina
Interpretation: If you are a woman and you see your vagina in your dream, then it refers to your femininity and/or attitude toward sex. Alternatively, dreaming about your vagina means fertility, life, softness and warmth.

Dream: Infestation
Interpretation: To dream of an infestation points to problems and issues that you have ignored or avoided for too long. What may have started as minor has now become a huge problem. Alternatively, dreaming of an infestation represents an intrusion into your personal life. You feel that your privacy has been invaded.

Dream: Calf
Interpretation: To see a calf in your dream symbolizes immaturity and inexperience. You need to develop certain qualities.

Dream: Barbecue
Interpretation: To dream of a barbecue refers to a minor issue or transformation occurring in your waking life.

Dream: Hairdresser
Interpretation: To dream that you are a hairdresser suggests that you are imposing your ideas and opinions on others.  Perhaps you need to work on your self-image and improve on your image. Alternatively, it refers to your attitude toward your own sexuality.

Dream: Handcuffs
Interpretation: To dream that you are in handcuffs suggest that something or someone is holding back your success. Opportunities are shut off to you. You are experiencing a loss of power and effectiveness. Alternatively, your own fears and doubts may be holding you back.

Dream: Urn
Interpretation: To see an urn in your dream represents feelings that have burned out or that you are feeling burnt out and exhausted. An urn also symbolizes the past.

Dream: Nerd
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are a nerd indicates feelings of inferiority and/or ineffectiveness. You feel that you have been overlooked.

Dream: Acceptance
Interpretation: To dream about acceptance indicates issues of self-esteem and measuring up to the expectations of others. There is a waking situation where you are seeking acceptance and wanting to be a part of.

Dream: Elbows
Interpretation: To see your own elbow in your dream indicates that you need to make a space for yourself. Your dream may express hesitance or fear in creating your own space for fear of being scrutinized. Alternatively, the dream may be a pun on your need to put more "elbow grease" on some task.

Dream: K
Interpretation: To wear khakis in your dream suggest that there is something that you are not seeing clearly on. Or that something may not be what it seems. Alternatively, the dream refers to your desires to conform and fit in.

Dream: Palette
Interpretation: To see or use a an artist's palette in your dream indicates that you are not afraid to express your innermost emotions. Alternatively, dreaming about a palette means that you are being your true self or that someone is being their real self; the are not putting on any facade.

Dream: Farting
Interpretation: To dream that you are farting suggests that you are being passive aggressive. You need to express your feelings in a more direct manner.

Dream: Need
Interpretation: To dream that you are in need suggests that you are lacking something important in your waking life. The needs in your dream often reflect waking needs.

Dream: Reconcilement
Interpretation: To dream about a reconcilement represents a person in your waking life who you need to reconnect with. You need to rid yourself of some burden that has been weighing you down. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you need to come to terms with the changes in your life.

Dream: Kimono
Interpretation: To see or wear a kimono in your dream symbolizes Japan. You are expressing some connection to the country. A kimono also represents elegance, beauty, and docility.

Dream: Water
Skiing
Interpretation: To dream that you are water skiing represents an uplift in your spirituality and increase in your self-confidence. You are experiencing a new sense of freedom and calm.

Dream: Obese
Interpretation: To dream that you are obese denotes overindulgence. You feel helplessness in expressing your power and authority. By dreaming that you are obese, you are trying to insulate yourself from your surroundings and protect yourself from involvement in the situation. Alternatively, the dream may just be a reflection of your waking weight or dieting issues. You have an skewed perception of your own image which may stem from low self-esteem.

Dream: Pain
Interpretation: To dream that you are in pain suggests that you are being too hard on yourself, especially if a situation was out of your control. The dream may also be a true reflection of actual pain that exists somewhere in your body. Dreams can reveal and warn about health problems. Consider where the pain is for additional significance. If the pain is in your neck, then the dream may be a metaphor that you are literally being a "pain in the neck".

Dream: Eating
Interpretation: To dream that you are eating alone signifies loss, loneliness, and depression. You may feel rejected, excluded, and cut off from social/family ties. Eating may be a replacement for companionship and provide a form of comfort. Alternatively, eating alone reflects independent needs. Also consider the phrase, "what's eating you up?" in reference to anxiety that you may be feeling.

Dream: Rabies
Interpretation: To dream that you have rabies represents unexpressed hostility which may erupt in violence if not expressed in a controlled manner.

Dream: Leaves
Interpretation: To see leaves in your dream signify new found happiness and improvements in various aspects of your life. It is symbolic of fertility, growth and openness. Alternatively, leaves represent a passage of time. Depending on the color and type of leaf, the dream could be highlighting a certain period of time. The leaves may also be a metaphor to "leave" you alone.

Dream: Water
B
Interpretation: To see or use a water bottle in your dream indicates that you are keeping your hopes up about something.  It also means spiritual renewal and rejuvenation.

Dream: Destruction
Interpretation: To dream about mass destruction suggests that there is some chaos occurring in your life. Things may not be going the way you want it to. Perhaps the choices you are making are self-destructive.

Dream: Garbage
Disposal
Interpretation: To see or hear a garbage disposal in your dream represents wasted energy or wasted emotion that you have spent on a situation or relationship. It is time to move on.

Dream: Paprika
Interpretation: To       see or taste paprika in your dream represents someone or something is       trying to get your attention. Alternatively, dreaming about paprika is a       warning of seeing a different side of a person when they are angry.

Dream: Venom
Interpretation: To come in contact with venom in your dream represents pent-up anger and hostility you may be expressing or experiencing from others. Perhaps, your feelings of hate are beginning to show through. Alternatively, the dream is indicative of a lack of self-esteem, lack of self-love, or insecurities you have.

Dream: Cable
Car
Interpretation: To see or ride in a cable car in your dream signifies the compromises that you make in life. Sometimes you have to go along with the masses in order to maintain the peace. Alternatively, the dream represents life's journey. You are headed in the right direction.

Dream: Caravan
Interpretation: To dream that you are part of a caravan means that you will achieve your goals with the support of others. You do not need to do things by yourself.

Dream: Ravine
Interpretation: To see a ravine in your dream represents your need to be sheltered and protected.  You are in deep contemplation about your own emotions or relationships. Perhaps you are trying to make sense of your hidden feelings.

Dream: Naked
Interpretation: To dream that you are naked denotes fear of being found out and exposed over your activities. You feel that you are being misjudged.

Dream: Cap
Interpretation: To see a cap in your dream signifies informality and ease. It also suggests that you need to be more tolerant of others.

Dream: Cards
Interpretation: To dream that you are playing a game of cards represents your ability to strategize in various areas of your life. In particular, diamonds indicate wealth and materialism, clubs indicate work and industry, hearts indicate happiness in love, and spades indicate troubling times and disappointments.

Dream: Park Ranger
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are a park ranger represents control of your subconscious. You are also keeping your emotions in check.

Dream: Camping
Interpretation: To dream that you are camping indicates a need for relaxation and a long-deserved break.  You need to be more in touch with nature and go back to a more basic and simpler life. Alternatively, it refers to your social circle and support group. You are looking for a sense of belonging, but at the same time be self-sufficient and independent.

Dream: NASA
Interpretation: To dream that you are working at NASA represents possibilities and your desire to explore new things. You do not let boundaries stop you from doing what you want.

Dream: Camera
Interpretation: To see a camera in your dream signifies your desires to cling on and/or live in the past. Alternatively, it may indicate that you need to focus on a particular situation. Perhaps you need to get a clearer picture or idea.

Dream: Incest
Interpretation: If this dream relates to real-life experiences with incest, then you need to seek professional advice or counseling.

Dream: Yeast
Interpretation: To see yeast in your dream indicates a spiritual quest.  You may need to do some soul searching and/or self-improvement. Alternatively, yeast is symbolic of growth, renewed energy or increased enthusiasm for an idea or project.

Dream: Vulture
Interpretation: To see a vulture in your dream symbolizes purification and insight. It suggests that your past experiences will provide you with invaluable insight into a current situation or problem. Learn from your past. Alternatively, a vulture indicates that  you or someone is being opportunistic. Someone is watching you and is waiting for you to take a misstep. You feel that someone is taking advantage of you or is using you. Consider the metaphor of someone who is a "vulture". Sometimes a vulture is also a symbol of death, doom or rebirth.

Dream: Wardrobe
Interpretation: To see a wardrobe in your dream represents a transitional period or phase in your life. Alternatively, the dream may highlight issues with your self-image and how you portray yourself to the outside world.

Dream: Pagan
Interpretation: If you are not a pagan, but dream that you are, then it suggests that you are misdirecting or misusing your energy.

Dream: Telekinesis
Interpretation: To dream that you are telekinetic represents a higher level of awareness and consciousness. You are not utilizing your full potential and need to start putting your stored energy levels and mental abilities to use. In other words, you need to put your thoughts into action. For some, dreams of telekinetic powers may indicate your latent paranormal abilities.

Dream: Canada
Interpretation: To dream that you are in Canada depends on your own personal associations with the country. If you have never been to Canada, then you will need to draw on your own preconceptions and feelings of the country.

Dream: Accent
Interpretation: To speak with an accent in your dream suggests that you are having difficulties conveying your thoughts. Consider how you feel about the accent. If you feel the accent makes you stand out in a negative way, then it signifies feelings of insecurities. If the accent makes you stand out in a positive way, then it symbolizes an air of confidence.

Dream: Odometer
Interpretation: To see an odometer in your dream refers to how far or how little you have advanced in your life. Perhaps the dream is telling you to set milestones and work on achieving smaller goals. Also consider the numbers on the odometer for additional significance.

Dream: Baking
Interpretation: To dream that you are baking represents your creative self and your ability to make things happen. If you are mixing  ingredients together that you normally would not combine, then it suggests that you need to find a connection between two seemingly different things. Perhaps these things that seem incompatible may yield surprisingly but positive results.

Dream: Bait
Interpretation: To see bait in your dream suggests that you may be fishing for a deal or a compliment. It may also indicate your desire to lure or entice someone.

Dream: Immunity
Interpretation: To dream that you are immune to some disease or virus means that you are feeling empowered and undefeatable. You do not let negativity phase you or bring your down.

Dream: Earrings
Interpretation: To dream that you or someone is wearing earrings suggests that you need to listen more carefully and pay attention to a message that someone is conveying to you. In particular, to see or wear pearl earrings in your dream indicates that are being given some wise advice you should follow. Alternatively, pearl earrings may serve as a memory of a person in your life who wore them.

Dream: Vampire
Interpretation: To see a vampire in your dream symbolizes seduction and sensuality, as well as fear and death. The vampire represents contrasting images of civilized nobility and aggression/ferocity. It may depict someone in your waking life whose charm may ultimately prove harmful. Deep down inside, you know that this person is bad for you, yet you are still drawn to her or him. Vampires also sometimes relate to decisions about sex and losing your virginity. Alternatively, to see a vampire suggests that you are feeling physically or emotionally drained. The vampire may also be symbolic of someone who is addicted to drugs or someone in an obsessive relationship.

Dream: Open
Floor Plan
Interpretation: To dream that you have a house with an open floor plan or an open layout suggests that you need to work on integrating aspects of yourself. You are over compartmentalizing things. Alternatively, the dream means that you need to be more honest and open with your family.

Dream: Scarf
Interpretation: To see a scarf in your dream symbolizes self-restrictions. You may be too controlling of your emotions instead of expressing them. Alternatively, you feel that your voice is being muffled.

Dream: Quintuplets
Interpretation: To see quintuplets in your dream represent the five senses: sight, smell, taste, hearing, and touch. It may also symbolize the essential and fundamental human being. Alternatively, quintuplets represent the connection between the female and the male.

Dream: Eggplant
Interpretation: To see or eat eggplants in your dream signify satisfaction with where you life is at.  It may indicate abundance or fertility. Eggplants are also symbolic of loyalty, passion and devotion.

Dream: Parking
Ticket
Interpretation: To dream that you are getting a parking ticket suggests that you are feeling lost and not knowing what you want to do with your life. You feel that you are being judged and criticized for the path you want to take. The dream may also be analogous to your lack of accomplishments or to the setbacks in your life.

Dream: Veal
Interpretation: To dream that you are eating veal implies that you are behaving immaturely. It also points to inexperience.  The meaning of veal will also depend largely on your personal views about eating veal or if you are a vegetarian. Perhaps there is something you find repulsive.

Dream: Pastry
Interpretation: To see or eat a pastry in your dream refers to indulgence, sensual pleasure and satisfaction. You are enjoying life and reaping its rewards.

Dream: Ebook
Interpretation: To see or read an ebook in your dream refers to modern knowledge. It also points to a wealth of information that is accessible right at your fingertips. Alternatively, dreaming of an ebook signifies a concept or idea that you are unable to fully grasp. Note also that an ebook may often have the same interpretation as a book .

Dream: Mailman
Interpretation: To see a mailman in your dream symbolizes your communications with others. You need to get the word out about something. If the mailman does not have any mail for you, then it signifies disappointments in some aspect of your life.

Dream: Railroad
Interpretation: To see a railroad in your dream indicates that you have laid out a set track toward achieving your goals. Your progress will be slow but steady. You are well disciplined and secure in your life. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you may be too linear and rigid in your thinking. Perhaps a situation or relationship in your waking life has become monotonous. Sometimes you need to go off track and explore other possibilities.

Dream: Tall
Interpretation: To dream that you are taller than someone indicates that you may be looking down on that person. You feel that you are above her or him. Alternatively, the dream represents authority and pride.

Dream: Ranch
Interpretation: To dream that you are at a ranch suggests that you need to take stock of your life and ascertain what you hope to achieve and gain. The dream may also refer to your own livelihood and concerns about money.

Dream: Jungle
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a jungle signifies aspects of yourself and your personality that may be inhibited. You may be experiencing some chaos and unpredictable circumstances in your waking life. Consider the phrase "it's a jungle out there!"

Dream: General
Interpretation: To see a general in your dream symbolizes experience and authority. A general may represent your father or father figure.

Dream: Laundry
Interpretation: To dream that you are doing your laundry suggests that you are cleaning up your act or changing your image. Perhaps, you are too concerned about how you appear to others.

Dream: In-Law
Interpretation: To see your in-law in your dream represents a working relationship which has many different possibilities. You need to be more understanding or yielding in some situation. The dream may also be a pun on being more careful, playing by the rules and abiding by the law.

Dream: Tangerine
Interpretation: To see or eat a tangerine in your dream implies that you are in need of a quick and easy boost of energy.

Dream: Accuse
Interpretation: To dream that you are being accused of something indicates overwhelming feelings of guilt.  It may also mean that you are having some doubts about yourself and the choices you are making.

Dream: Aborigine
Interpretation: To see an Aborigine in your dream represents both your untamed, natural self and your pure, innocent side. You need to be more in touch with your intuition and inner forces.  It also suggests that you are being overindulgent or overly emotional. You may be harming yourself and jeopardizing your well-being due to your unrestraint.

Dream: Waiter/Waitress
Interpretation: To dream that you are a waiter or waitress indicates that you are too busy catering to the needs and demands of others, instead of your own. You feel that you are underappreciated as you wait on others hand and foot. You need to be more assertive and stand up for yourself. Consider the quality of service that you are giving for additional significance.

Dream: Gender
Interpretation: To dream about your gender indicates that you are evaluating your role and how you are perceived by society. Perhaps you are feeling self-conscious about specific gender roles. If you dream of the opposite gender than your own, then it means that you need to incorporate aspects of the opposite sex into your own character.

Dream: Teeth
Interpretation: To dream that you have rotting or decaying teeth implies that you may have said something that you shouldn't have. You may have uttered some false or foul words and those words are coming back to haunt you.

Dream: Marble
Interpretation: To see or play with marbles in your dream symbolize your perceptiveness, insightfulness and observation. If you are polishing a marble, then it represents your enduring efforts and perseverance.

Dream: Salamander
Interpretation: To see a salamander in your dream represents your ability to survive through shame, misfortune, and/or embarrassment. You will persevere through some adversity. Alternatively, the dream denotes your ability to resist temptations.

Dream: Kick
Scooter
Interpretation: To     see or ride on a kick scooter in your dream implies that you are trying to     balance various areas of your life. The dream also means that you need to be     decisive in what you are doing.

Dream: Farmer's
Market
Interpretation: To dream that you are at a farmer's market suggests that you are looking for spiritual enrichment from a higher source.

Dream: Egg
Interpretation: To see or eat an egg in your dream symbolizes fertility, birth and your creative potential. Something new is about to happen. If the eggs are scrambled, then the dream represents your commitment on a set course. It may also mean that you need to accept the consequences of your actions. Dreaming of hard-boiled eggs indicate a commitment toward your goals and your unwillingness to deviate from the course.  If you see eggs hatching in your dream, then it indicates that you will realize your goals. It also means that your ideas are coming to fruition.

Dream: Tennis
Court
Interpretation: To see a tennis court in your dream implies that you need to choose a side in some challenge or argument.

Dream: Walker
Interpretation: To see or use a walker in your dream implies that you are not letting any hardships or obstacles stand in your way. The walker is symbolic of your determination and perseverance. Alternatively, the walker represents mobility.

Dream: Ignore
Interpretation: To dream that you are ignoring someone or being ignored represents some aspect of yourself which you are not paying enough attention to. Perhaps you are overlooking something. Alternatively, it may reflect your real waking experiences of being ignored by that person.

Dream: Office
Interpretation: To dream of your work office indicates that you cannot seem to leave your work at the office. You are overworked or have too much on your mind. Alternatively, an office symbolizes practicality, status, accomplishments and your place in the world. If the office in your dream is unfamiliar or strange, then it suggests that you are comparing yourself to someone else. You are measuring yourself against other's standards.

Dream: Abyss
Interpretation: To dream of an abyss signifies an obstacle that is creating much anxiety for you. You need to work through the difficulty and overcome this obstacle in your life.  Perhaps you are afraid of  "taking the plunge".

Dream: Garland
Interpretation: To see a garland in your dream represents wholeness and completeness.

Dream: Admire
Interpretation: To dream that you are admiring someone indicates that you need to incorporate the qualities of that person into your Self.

Dream: Japan
Interpretation: To dream about Japan or that you are in Japan depends on your own personal associations with the country. If you have never been to Japan, then the dream may represent some sort of realization enlightenment. As the land of the rising sun, Japan symbolizes peace of mind and tranquility.

Dream: Farmer
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are a farmer points to your productivity. Are you utilizing your fullest potential? It may also suggest that you need to work harder in order to reap its benefits.

Dream: Raccoon
Interpretation: To see a raccoon in your dream signifies deceit and thievery. You are not being completely honest in some situation. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you are hiding something. You are keeping a secret.

Dream: Uproot
Interpretation: To see uprooted plants in your dream indicate that you are out of balance. You may be feeling disconnected or distant from others. It may also represent broken family connections or failed attempts in reestablishing familial ties.

Dream: Yard
Interpretation: To see a neat and well-kept yard reflects your ability to maintain and organize aspects of your outside life, such as work and your social activities.

Dream: Odor
Interpretation: To smell an odor in your dream indicates a memory or past experience.  Consider the type of smell and whether it is pleasant or foul smelling to determine if the dream is a positive or negative one.

Dream: India
Interpretation: To dream that you are in India depends on your own personal associations with the country. If you have never been to India, then the dream may represent your determination to rise above a situation and overcome life's difficulties. You want to defy expectations.

Dream: Television
Interpretation: To dream that you are watching television represents your mind and its flowing thoughts. The dream reflects how you are receiving, integrating, and expressing your ideas and thoughts. The programs you dream of watching are an objective view of the things that are in your mind.

Dream: Ocean
Interpretation: To see an ocean in your dream represents the state of your emotions and feelings. It is indicative of spiritual refreshment, tranquility and renewal. Alternatively, the dream means that you are feeling empowered and unhindered.  You have a positive outlook in life and are not limited by anything. If you are sailing across the ocean, then it signifies new found freedom and independence. You are showing great courage. If the ocean is rough, then the dream represents some emotional turmoil. You are doing your best to handle life's ups and downs.

Dream: Faceless
Interpretation: To see a faceless figure or person in your dream indicates that you are still searching for your own identity and finding out who you are.  Perhaps you are unsure of how to read people and their emotions. Therefore, you are expressing a desire to know and understand these people on a deeper level.

Dream: Ferry
Interpretation: To dream that you are riding on a ferry  indicates that you are going through some transitional phases in your life. It also means that you are setting your sights on a new goal.

Dream: Can
Interpretation: To see a can in your dream indicates that there is something in your past that you need to hold on to and preserve. The dream may also be a pun on how you "can" do something. Don't underestimate your abilities and talents.

Dream: Marsupial
Interpretation: To see marsupials in your dream signify the importance of a maternal bond and connection. Perhaps it is a reminder for you to reconnect with your mother. Alternatively, dreaming of marsupials represents warmth and your need for a better sense of security. You want to feel protected.

Dream: Leaflet
Interpretation: To see or read a leaflet in your dream refers to your open-mindedness and quest for knowledge. You are open to other viewpoints and opinions.

Dream: Wander
Interpretation: To dream that you are wandering suggests that you are searching for some direction in your life. You are lacking motivation. Alternatively, the dream represents a transformation.

Dream: Handball
Interpretation: To watch or play team handball in your dream refers to the importance of teamwork and cooperation in order to achieve the goals in your waking life. The dream is a reminder that you cannot succeed without the assistance of others. Alternatively, the dream may be telling you that you need to be more hands on in some project.

Dream: Electric
Chair
Interpretation: To see an electric chair in your dream indicates a sudden end to something in your life. You are making a drastic change. Alternatively, the dream represents feelings of guilt, regret, or remorse about something you did.

Dream: -Turn
Interpretation: To make a u-turn in your dream indicates that you are altering the course of your life. You are changing directions and starting on a completely different path. Alternatively, the dream means that you have made a wrong decision or choice. To see a no u-turn sign in your dream suggests that you cannot take back what has already been done. There is no turning back on the choices you have made. UFO To see an UFO in your dream signifies your desires to find your spiritual purpose in life. Alternatively, it indicates that you are feeling alienated from those around you. The dream may also be a metaphor that you are acting "spacey" or "spaced out". You need to be more grounded and come back to reality. Dreaming that an UFO is invading or attacking the house of someone who passed away indicates that this person was suddenly taken away from you too soon. It also suggests that this person was mentally deteriorating. *Please see also Spaceship . Ugly To dream you or someone is ugly signifies aspects of yourself that disgusts and repulses you. These may be feelings you have rejected or repressed. Ukulele To see or play a ukulele in your dream refers to your carefree and laid back attitude. It is time to relax. Ulcer To dream that you have an ulcer indicates some emotional difficulty that can only be overcome through some pain. It is a rite of passage. Alternatively, an ulcer suggests that you are worrying too much over things that are beyond your control. You need to acknowledge your problems so you can move on. Ultrasound To dream that you are getting an ultrasound signifies a new and developing phase in your life. Perhaps you are starting a new relationship, switching jobs or relocating. The dream may also reflect your actual concerns about a pregnancy or your desires to have children. Ultraviolet Light To see something under ultraviolet light or black light in your dream means that you are not seeing things that are happening around you. You are turning a blind eye and refusing to see the truth. Alternatively, dreaming of ultraviolet light represents your intuition. Umbilical Cord To see an umbilical cord in your dream represents your lack of individuality. You may be expressing some anxiety about being on your own and supporting yourself. Alternatively, an umbilical cord symbolizes your maternal ties. Perhaps you are too emotionally bonded to your mother. To dream that you are cutting an umbilical cord indicates that you need to be self-sufficient and stand on your own two feet. It is time to pull yourself back up and get back into the swing of things. Umbrella To see an umbrella in your dream symbolizes emotional security. You are putting up a shield against your emotions and are trying to avoid dealing with them. If the umbrella is leaking or broken, then it indicates that you are unprepared with facing your problems. To dream that you cannot open your umbrella and it is raining, then it suggests that you are open to confronting your own feelings and letting your emotions come to the surface. If you dream that you are carrying an open umbrella while inside, then it indicates that your emotional needs are not being met. Umpire To see an umpire in your dream suggests that you are playing unfairly in some waking situation. You have crossed some boundary. If the umpires calls you out, then it signifies self-guilt. Your conscience is in inner turmoil. Uncle To see your uncle in your dream represents some aspect of your family heritage and trait. It also symbolizes new ideas and emerging awareness. Consider the idiom "say uncle" to mean surrender or admit defeat. To dream that you dead uncle calls to tell you that he is digging graves indicates that your subconscious is telling you about some hidden truth or family secret that needs to be uncovered. Unauthorized To dream about something unauthorized means that you have copied contents of this dream dictionary without permission from dee-em. This is not a real interpretation. Unconscious To dream that you are unconscious indicates your helplessness and inability to function in some given situation. You are not prepared for the major changes that are happening around you. Alternatively, being unconscious suggests that you are oblivious to your surroundings or ignorant of some situation. The dream may be a pun on your unconscious mind and its suppressed content. Undead To see the undead in your dream represents your fears and the rejected aspects of yourself. You are refusing to acknowledge those negative parts. If you are being chased or are surrounded by the undead, then it symbolizes unresolved issues that you are not confronting. Things that you thought or assume were put to rest is coming back to haunt you. To dream that you are undead represents your inability to express yourself. You are feeling disconnected with others. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you have relapsed back to your old habits and ways. Under To dream that you are under something indicates low self-esteem and lack of confidence. You are devaluing yourself. To see objects or find things underneath represents aspects of your subconscious. What you see or what you find is a clue of what is emerging from your subconscious. Underarm *Please See Armpit. Undercover To dream that you are undercover indicates that you are hiding your true feelings or true nature. Perhaps the dream is trying to tell you that you are being someone that you are not. In particular, to dream that you are an undercover cop implies that you are going against your conscience. Underground To dream of going or living underground indicates that you are trying to force certain thoughts and issues into your subconscious mind. You really need to confront and explore your unconscious. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you are expressing a desire to go unnoticed or to lie low. To dream that you are riding in an underground railway signifies anxiety and distress arising from a peculiar situation. Understudy To dream that you are an understudy represents your ambition. You are trying to emulate someone you admire. However, you need to eventually be your own person and not try too hard to be someone else. Undertaker To see an undertaker or dream that you are one represents your need to take charge of your life and the responsibilities that come with it. Alternatively, an undertaker signifies a new beginning. Undertow To dream that you are caught in an undertow implies that your emotions are overwhelming you at the moment. You are being pulled toward the depths of your subconscious. It is time to confront these suppressed issues. Underwater To dream that you are underwater suggests that you are being overcome with emotions and are in over your head regarding some situation. You need to gain greater control of your life. To dream that you are breathing underwater represents a retreat back into the womb. You want to return to a state where you were dependent and free from responsibilities. Perhaps you are feeling helpless, unable to fulfill your own needs and to care for yourself. Alternatively, breathing underwater is analogous to being submerged in your own emotions. To see houses under water implies that you are very comfortable with your own emotions. Alternatively, the dream may be a reflection of your housing situation. Perhaps you are "underwater" in your mortgage. To dream of an underwater city represents your subconscious. Through deeper understanding of yourself, you find commonality and shared experiences with others. To see objects underwater in your dream symbolizes your suppressed feelings as represented by the objects. The objects may trigger some emotional memory which you still need to confront and work through. For example, children's toys or bicycles refer to an emotion that you suppressed in childhood. To see a car underwater in your dream points to feelings of regret or sadness over an abandoned goal. Dreaming that you are flying underwater represents control over your emotions. You are comfortable with confronting your feelings directly. Underwear To dream that you are in your underwear signifies a situation that has created a loss of respect for you. Alternatively, it symbolizes some aspect of yourself that is private. If you feel ashamed of being seen in your underwear, then it indicates your hesitance in revealing your true feelings, attitudes, and other hidden habits/ideas. If you are not bothered by being in your underwear, then it suggests that you are ready to reveal or expose something that was previously hidden. To dream that you are not wearing any underwear signifies fear that your secrets will be revealed. To dream that someone is in their underwear signifies an embarrassing and inexplicable situation. Alternatively, the dream means that you are seeing this person for who he or she really is. To see dirty or torn underwear suggests that you are not comfortable in your own skin and have feelings of inadequacy. You are uncomfortable about your sexuality and are overly critical about yourself. *Please see also Panties . Undress To dream that you are undressing suggests that you need to reveal your true feelings and be open about them. Alternatively, undressing indicates your connection and comfort level with your sexuality. To see someone undressing in your dream indicates that you need to be aware of other people's feelings. If you are undressing someone else, then it suggests you are trying to gain a better understanding of that person. Dreaming       that someone is undressing you implies that you are placing complete trust       in this person. You are opening yourself up to a new situation and       allowing yourself to be vulnerable. Unemployed To dream that you are unemployed represents your lack of self-worth or lack of inspiration. The dream may highlight feelings of insecurity or inadequacy. You feel that you are not good enough. Alternatively, the dream means that you are not utilizing your fullest potential. As a result, you are going nowhere in life. Unfaithful *Please See Dream Moods' Interpretation for Cheating. Unfortunate To dream that you are unfortunate is a dream of the contrary and indicates a turn of good luck will come your way. Alternatively, the dream means that you are too quick to blame something or someone else for your own shortcomings and problems. Unhappy Please See Sad. Unibrow To dream that you have a unibrow indicates that you are feeling insecure about your physical appearance. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you are not expressing your feelings enough. Perhaps you are keeping too much of your emotions inside. There is something you are trying to hide. Unicorn To see a unicorn in your dream symbolizes high ideals, hope and insight in a current situation. It also symbolizes power, gentleness, and purity. Alternatively, it may represent your one-sided views. Unicycle To dream that you are riding a unicycle signifies that you are in total control of a situation and are exercising authority in both personal and business matters. Uniform To dream that you or someone is in uniform signifies your need to belong or be part of a group. Alternatively, the dream may suggest that you are conforming too much to the beliefs of others. Learn to think for yourself and be your own person. In particular, to see a nurse's uniform in your dream indicates cleanliness, compassion, and properness. To see a school uniform means how you are identifying with your school and your classmates. It may bring attention to some issue you have at school. To see people in strange uniforms signify disruption and chaos. Union To dream that you are in a union represents collective action.  You are doing something that will be good for everybody. United Nations To dream about the United Nations signifies world peace, worldly issues and unity. The dream may mean that you are seeking harmony within your own surroundings. Universe To see the universe in your dream signifies the endless possibilities. You need to look at the overall big picture. Alternatively, the dream brings to your attention that we are all interconnected in some way. University *Please See College. Unknown To see an unknown person in your dream signifies a part of yourself that is repressed and hidden. Alternatively, it symbolizes the archetypal dream helper who is trying to offer some insight and advice. To see an unknown place in your dream represents change in your life. Consider how you feel about the surrounding. If you are afraid or lost, then it indicates that you are not ready for the change. You are not ready to leave the past behind. If you are excited or happy in this unknown place, then it suggests that you are ready for change. Unmarried Please See Single . Unprepared To       dream that you are unprepared for something indicates that you are       experiencing anxiety and fear over an upcoming task or event in your       waking life. Such dreams depict your lack of self confidence and       self-esteem. You are afraid that you will not meet others' expectations of       you. Unwrap To unwrap a gift in your dream means that you are recognizing your unused potential and talents. You are ready to use the hidden abilities you have locked up inside you. To find your gift already unwrapped in your dream indicates that someone in your life is taking advantage of your talents and abilities. UPC Barcode To see a UPC barcode in your dream symbolizes automation, simplification and ease. Alternatively, the dream represents an impersonal relationship in your waking  life. You are feeling alienated. Up To dream of being or moving up suggests that you are emerging from some depressing or negative situation. You may be feeling high or euphoric. The dream may also compensate for your waking feelings of sadness. Alternatively, it signifies that your ego is inflated. Or that you are experiencing upward mobility or progressing toward your goals. According to Jung, the dream parallels some material or repressed thoughts that may be emerging from your unconscious. Upholstery To dream that you are upholstering something suggests that you are renewing or updating your self image. The dream may also be a metaphor that you are "covering up" something. Uproot To see uprooted plants in your dream indicate that you are out of balance. You may be feeling disconnected or distant from others. It may also represent broken family connections or failed attempts in reestablishing familial ties. Upside Down To dream that you are upside down suggests that there is some situation or problem in your waking life that you need to straighten up. It may also mean that your initial assumptions were completely opposite of what you thought. Upstairs To       dream that you are upstairs of a building refers to your higher level of       understanding. It symbolizes your rational thinking and objectivity.       Alternatively, being upstairs means that you hold yourself in high       regard. Uranium To       see uranium in you dream represents your potential. You have it within       yourself to succeed and achieve your goals. Alternatively, seeing uranium       in your dream suggests that you are harboring some pent up anger or       aggression. You do not let people in your life easily. Uranus To see Uranus in your dream represents originality, unconventional thinking, independence, freedom, and individualism. You may be rebelling against some situation in your waking life. Alternatively, Uranus indicates that something unexpected is about to occur. Urban *Please See City. Urinal To see a urinal in your dream signifies disorder in your personal relationships. *Please Also See Toilet. Urination To see urine in your dream represents the feelings you have rejected. Alternatively, the dream may be a pun on your "pissy" attitude. To dream that you are urinating symbolizes a cleansing and a release of negative or repressed emotions. Depending on your dream context, urination is symbolic of having or lacking basic control of your life. You are literally "pissed off" and not expressing yourself in a positive or constructive manner. To dream that you are urinating in public symbolizes a lack of privacy in some personal matter. Alternatively, the dream means that you are trying to establish your boundary and "mark your territory." To dream that someone is urinating on you means that you are feeling the emotional burden of this person. They are dumping all their feelings on you. Alternatively, the dream symbolizes your lacking sense of self-worth. If you dream that you accidentally urinated on yourself or wet your pants, then it implies that you are on the verge of an emotional outburst. You are desperate to release all the feelings that you have kept bottled up inside of you. Urn To see an urn in your dream represents feelings that have burned out or that you are feeling burnt out and exhausted. An urn also symbolizes the past. U.S. Mailbox *Please See Mailbox. U.S. Visa To dream that you are granted a U.S. visa represents how you feel about the United States and what it stands for to you. For example, if, for you, the U.S. stands for freedom, then being granted a visa from the U.S. may parallel a life situation in which you experience some new found freedom. You may be going through a period of self-exploration. USB Drive To see a USB Drive in your dream refers to ideas and advices that you need to look at incorporating into a waking situation or some aspect of your life. Dreaming of using a USB Drive means that you are able to easily convey your feelings, beliefs or ideas to others. Also consider what kind of files are on the USB Drive. Usher To see an usher in your dream indicates that you are in need for some guidance in your life. Utensils To see utensils in your dream indicate innovation. It also signifies your willingness to help others and lend a hand. Uterus To see a uterus in your dream represents your desire for children or your nervousness about a pending birth. Metaphorically, the dream may symbolize a creative project in the making. Utopia To dream about utopia symbolizes your ideals and your strive for perfection. The dream may be warning you against trying to achieve unattainable goals. You are expecting too much out of others. Alternatively, the dream is one of wish-fulfillment where you wish that all your difficulties problems are gone. You are looking for an escape from your daily life. Page 1 U to Utopia A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Tweet

Dream: Laptop
Interpretation: To see or use a laptop in your dream represents your need to reach out and communicate with others in any circumstance.

Dream: Old
Interpretation: To see something old in your dream suggests that there is something in your life that you need to replace or get rid of. Alternatively, the dream means that there may be something in the past that you need to incorporate into your current life.

Dream: Delinquent
Interpretation: To see a delinquent in your dream indicates that you are wasting away some aspect of your life.  You are selling yourself short and underestimating your own potential.

Dream: Caboose
Interpretation: To see or be in a caboose implies that you are last in line for something. You are feeling shortchanged. Alternatively, dreaming of a caboose serves as a reminder that you will eventually get to where you need. It is not always about being first or finishing first.

Dream: Sandwich
Interpretation: To see a sandwich in your dream suggests that a lot of pressure and stress is being put on you. It also reflects your ability to do two things at once. Alternatively, a sandwich is just a sandwich sometimes.

Dream: Talons
Interpretation: To see talons in your dream symbolize something that is within your grasp. You need to be more decisive and go for what you want. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you are feeling defensive about something.

Dream: Ham
Interpretation: To dream that you are eating ham indicates that you need to preserve your energy.

Dream: Barrette
Interpretation: To see or wear a barrette in your dream indicates that you are open to a new idea. Alternatively, you are ready to show the world a whole new you.

Dream: Lawn
Chair
Interpretation: To see or sit on a lawn chair in your dream implies that you need to stop and take a break from some problem or issue in your waking life. You need to approach the problem from a fresh new perspective. Alternatively, the dream simply means that you need to rest and relax.

Dream: Pants
Interpretation: To see or wear pants in your dream suggest that you are questioning your role in some situation. Consider the material and color of the pants for additional interpretation. Alternatively, the dream may be hinting at some sexual matter.

Dream: Electricity
Tower
Interpretation: To see an electricity tower in your dream symbolizes a distribution of power. You do not need to always be in full control. You need to delegate responsibilities and duties. Alternatively, the dream symbolizes industry and modernity.

Dream: Haircut
Interpretation: To dream that someone is giving you a haircut suggests that you are experiencing a decreased sense of power. You feel you are being criticized unfairly. Alternatively, your dream haircut symbolizes a fresh start. You are shedding off some unwanted aspect of yourself.

Dream: Satin
Interpretation: To       see or wear satin in your dream signifies a smooth transition.

Dream: Watermill
Interpretation: To see a watermill in your dream suggests that you need to take advantage of the resources that are available to you.  The dream is one of motivation and renewal. You need to proceed at a steady pace in realizing your goals.

Dream: Ferret
Interpretation: To see a ferret in your dream symbolizes distrust and suspicion of others. The dream may also be a pun on searching. If the ferret in your dream is white, then it is highlighting or amplifying some trust issues in your waking life.

Dream: Calling
Card
Interpretation: To see or use a calling card in your dream indicates that there is someone that you need to reach out to. If the calling card has the name of someone you know on it, then it means that their presence is with your spiritually, even though they may not be with you physically. Something in your waking life is reminding you of this person.

Dream: Under
Interpretation: To dream that you are under something indicates low self-esteem and lack of confidence. You are devaluing yourself.

Dream: Carpet
Interpretation: To see a carpet in your dream represents your way of protecting yourself from life's harsh realities. Alternatively, a carpet symbolizes luxury, comfort or richness. Consider the condition and designs of the carpet and how it parallels the foundation that you have laid for yourself in life. Perhaps the dream is telling you that you are refusing to confront some issue and instead are sweeping it under the carpet?

Dream: Cassowary
Interpretation: To see a cassowary in your dream refers to your shy nature. You try to avoid confrontation and arguments.

Dream: Tentacles
Interpretation: To see tentacles in your dream symbolize unknown danger lurking from the depths of your subconscious. Your subconscious is trying to pull you in so you can address the issues that you have been refusing to confront or acknowledge. Alternatively, the dream refers to a very clingy relationship.

Dream: Handsome
Interpretation: To dream that you are handsome refers to your confidence and self-esteem level. Alternatively, to dream about your looks points to your concerns about how others perceive you.

Dream: Fetus
Interpretation: To see a fetus in your dream symbolizes a newly developing relationship or idea in your waking life. Something creative is happening. Alternatively, you may be expressing difficulties in some situation or relationship.

Dream: Aardvark
Interpretation: To see an aardvark in your dream indicates that you are being very secretive and cautious about your business.

Dream: Yeti
Interpretation: To see a yeti in your dream suggests that you need to learn to find balance between your reasonable, rational side and your emotional, instinctual nature.

Dream: Mango
Interpretation: To see or eat a mango in your dream symbolizes fertility, sexual desires, and lust. Alternatively, the mango may also be a pun to mean "man go" in reference to a relationship in which you should let go and move on.

Dream: Valedictorian
Interpretation: To dream that you are a valedictorian symbolizes your accomplishments and the high goals you have set for yourself. You are reflecting back on your success.

Dream: Killing
Interpretation: To dream that you kill someone indicates that you are on the verge of losing your temper and self-control.  Consider the person you have killed and ask yourself if you feel any rage towards her or him in your waking life. Your dream may be expressing some hidden anger. Alternatively, you may be trying to kill an aspect of yourself that is represented by the person killed. Identify the characteristics of this person and ask yourself which of these qualities you are trying to put an end to.

Dream: Office
Chair
Interpretation: To see or sit on an office chair in your dream signifies your professional mobility. Perhaps you are assessing your career path and how you can move up in the workforce. Alternatively, an office chair refers to your ability to adapt to different situations at work.

Dream: Castle
Interpretation: To see a castle in your dream signifies reward, honor, recognition, and praise for your achievements. You are destined to a position of power, wealth, and prestige. Alternatively, the dream indicates your desire to escape from life's daily problems.

Dream: Hamburger
Interpretation: To see or eat a hamburger in your dream suggests that you are lacking some emotional, intellectual, or physical component in order to feel whole again. You may be feeling unsatisfied with some situation or relationship. It is also symbolic of your experiences and how you need to learn from them. Look at the big picture.

Dream: Sculptor
Interpretation: To dream that you are a sculptor refers to your creativity. You will accomplish your goals and overcome obstacles.  Alternatively, it may mean that you are working on finding yourself and in getting to the core of things.

Dream: Carp
Interpretation: To see a carp in your dream indicates that you need to put aside your pride and ego and not let it get in the way of friendships and relationships. Alternatively, the carp is symbolic of patience, perseverance, determination, tenacity, courage and success.

Dream: Mammoth
Interpretation: To see a mammoth in your dream implies that you need to let go of some past emotions. You are letting your cold hard feelings control your behavior. Perhaps you are being too frigid. Alternatively, a mammoth symbolizes power, size and/or strength.

Dream: Faucet
Interpretation: To see a faucet in your dream signifies control of your emotions. You are conscious of what emotions you allow yourself to be expressed. In other words, you have great self control and an ability to turn your emotions on and off at will. If the water is too hot or too cold, then it may be analogous to a situation or relationship in your waking life.

Dream: RC
Car
Interpretation: To see or play with an RC Car in your dream represents your ability to make quick decision. You are also feeling in control of your goals. Alternatively, the dream may mean that your goals are set too low. You are not challenging yourself.

Dream: West
Interpretation: To dream of going west represents fulfillment, opportunities, and growth. Alternatively, west symbolizes death, old age or an ending of something.

Dream: Baptism
Interpretation: To see a baby being baptized in your dream represents renewal, a new way of being, a new attitude toward life, or a new approach toward others.

Dream: Neglect
Interpretation: To feel neglected in your dream r epresents some aspect of yourself which you are not paying enough attention to. Perhaps you are overlooking something. Alternatively, it may reflect your real waking experiences of being neglected.

Dream: Half
Interpretation: To dream about half of something indicates that something in your waking life is incomplete or unresolved. It may also indicate that you are only partially acknowledging your feelings. You or someone else is limiting or restricting you. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you need to be open to compromise and meet halfway.

Dream: Ice
Cream
Interpretation: To see or eat ice cream in your dream denotes good luck, pleasure, success in love and satisfaction with your life. You need to savor the moment and enjoy it.  Alternatively, the dream may suggest that you need to cool off and not let your temper get out of hand. On the other hand, the ice cream may be a pun on "I scream". Perhaps there is something that you need to let out.

Dream: Radio
Interpretation: To dream that you are listening to the radio symbolizes your awareness and intuition toward a particular situation.  What you hear through the radio also represents messages from your subconscious. It is possible that it is some form of ESP or telepathic communication.

Dream: Decapitation
Interpretation: *Please See Behead .

Dream: Red
Snapper
Interpretation: To dream of a red snapper fish implies that you are speaking and acting out of anger. You are letting negative emotions dictate your behavior.

Dream: Scream
Interpretation: To dream that you are screaming symbolizes anger and fear. You are expressing some powerful emotion which you have kept pent up inside. If you try to scream, but no sound comes out, then it indicates your sense of helplessness and frustration in some situation. No matter how hard you try to get someone's attention, they cannot hear you. The dream highlights your difficulty in communicating with this person. You need to immediately identify your fears or feelings and confront this situation in real life. Alternatively, your inability to scream may be a form of REM paralysis.

Dream: chman
Interpretation: To dream that you are a watchman suggests that you need to be on the look out for something or someone out to do you harm. Keep your guard up.

Dream: Umbilical
Cord
Interpretation: To see an umbilical cord in your dream represents your lack of individuality. You may be expressing some anxiety about being on your own and supporting yourself. Alternatively, an umbilical cord symbolizes your maternal ties. Perhaps you are too emotionally bonded to your mother.

Dream: Jet
Ski
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are on a jet ski represents a journey of self-discovery. You are confronting and exploring aspects of your subconscious in full force. Alternatively, the dream relates to some sexual adventure or relationship.

Dream: Gills
Interpretation: To dream that you have gills implies that you are ready to confront your true feelings and submerge yourself in your emotions.

Dream: Reading
Interpretation: To dream that you are reading indicates that you need to obtain more information and knowledge before making a decision. You need to think things through and consider all your options.

Dream: Haunted
House
Interpretation: To dream of a haunted house signifies unfinished emotional business related to your childhood family, dead relatives, or repressed memories and feelings.

Dream: Lake
Interpretation: To see a lake in your dream signifies your emotional state of mind. You feel restricted and that you can't express your emotions freely. Alternatively, the lake may provide you with solace, security, and peace of mind. If the lake is clear and calm, then it symbolizes your inner peace. If the lake is disturbed, then you may be going through some emotional turmoil.

Dream: Head
Interpretation: To see a head in your dream signifies wisdom, intellect, understanding and rationality. It may also represent your accomplishments, self-image, and perception of the world. The dream may also be metaphor to indicate that you are "ahead" in some situation or that you need to get ahead.

Dream: Jail
Interpretation: To dream that you are in jail suggests that you are feeling restrained or censored in your work environment, relationship or situation in your life. You are feeling confined and suffocated. Alternatively, it represents self-punishment and guilt. You are involved in some wrongdoing.

Dream: Bald
Interpretation: To dream that you are going bald suggests a lack of self-esteem or worries about getting older. Alternatively, baldness symbolizes humility, purity, and personal sacrifice. You are at a stage in your life where you are confident in fully exposing yourself.

Dream: Jackal
Interpretation: To see a jackal in your dream refers to manipulation. You have a tendency to feed off of others.

Dream: Jewelry
Interpretation: To see jewelry in your dream signifies status and your own sense of self worth and personal value. It is also symbolic of knowledge, identity, or whatever qualities you hold precious in your life. Jewelry highlights the importance of spiritual and psychological riches. If you dream of a specific piece of jewelry that you own, then it symbolizes aspects of a waking relationship.

Dream: Mannequin
Interpretation: To see a mannequin in your dream represents an extension of your own self that you are projecting. You may feel that you are not playing an active enough role in some situation. Consider how the mannequin is dressed for clues as to what you may wish to act out, but have not done so.

Dream: Paranormal
Interpretation: To dream that objects are moving on its own or that switches and electronics are turning on/off or  some other paranormal activity indicates that you are refusing to take responsibility for your actions. The dream is also saying that you tend to let things happen instead of making things happen.

Dream: Geometry
Interpretation: To dream about geometry refers to your understanding of your relationship with others and how your presence affects them.

Dream: Embryo
Interpretation: To dream of an embryo symbolizes the emergence of a fresh idea. Also, your subconscious feelings may be surfacing. Alternatively, the dream may refer to your feelings of vulnerability and your need to be protected. However if you are pregnant, it is quite common to see an embryo in your dream.

Dream: Zoomorphism
Interpretation: To dream that you are changing into the form of an animal indicates that you are becoming less civilized, less restrained and becoming more free and instinctive. You may be expressing your newfound freedom/independence and experiencing a lack of boundaries. Alternatively, taking the form of an animal suggests that your primal desires and/or repressed sexual urges are coming to the surface and needing to be satisfied. Consider also the animal that your turn into.

Dream: Temple
Interpretation: To see a temple in your dream represents inspiration, spiritual thinking, meditation and growth. It is also symbolic of your physical body and the attention you give it. Perhaps you need to pamper yourself. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you are looking for a place of refuge and a place to keep things that are dear to you.

Dream: Captain
Interpretation: To dream that you are a captain indicates that you are taking charge of your emotions and confronting the issues that are bothering you.

Dream: Weeds
Interpretation: To dream that you are weeding suggests that you need to rid yourself of the negativity in your life in order to move on and grow as a person. It is time to release past grudges and build on future relationships.

Dream: Bar
Mitzvah
Interpretation: To dream that you are at a bar mitzvah or bat mitzvah ceremony represents a transitional phase into adulthood.  It indicates your social responsibilities, sense of morality, mental reasoning, and hopes.

Dream: Sanyasi
Interpretation: To see a Sanyasi in your dream signifies desires for a simpler life. You want to free yourself from the pursuit of material things.

Dream: German
Shepherd
Interpretation: To see a German Shepherd in your dream highlights your protective instincts and attentiveness to a situation.  This is no time for you to be nervous and/or lose control.

Dream: Tandem
Interpretation: To dream that you are doing something in tandem with someone else symbolizes a strong and solid partnership. This may refer to a business partnership, marital partnership or just plain teamwork. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you cannot always do things on your own. Sometimes you need to seek the help of others in order to accomplish some mutual goal.

Dream: Cannonball
Interpretation: To see a cannonball in your dream indicates that you are harboring some anger or aggression and it is weighing your down.

Dream: Lau
Interpretation: To dream that you are at a Laundromat represents a transformation or cleansing.  You are ready to rid yourself of past hurts. It is time for new changes.

Dream: Market
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a market represents some emotional or physical need that you are currently lacking in your life. You may be in need of nurturance and some fulfillment. Consider the specific items that you are shopping for. Alternatively, the market signifies frugality.

Dream: Scald
Interpretation: To get scalded in your dream implies that you are being emotionally distant. Something drastic needs to happen in order for you to react or respond.

Dream: Hatch
Interpretation: To see eggs hatching in your dream indicates that you will realize your goals. It also means that your ideas are coming to fruition.

Dream: Indian
Interpretation: To see an Indian in your dream represents the primitive and instinctual aspect of yourself.  You need to be in more control of your waking-life situations and surroundings.  You also need to be more self-reliant and exercise your personal power. Alternatively, this dream symbolizes honesty, dedication, and wisdom.

Dream: Wealth
Interpretation: To dream that you are wealthy indicates that you have accomplished what you set out to do. The dream represents your achievements and the rewards you reap for your hard work.

Dream: Defecate
Interpretation: To dream that you are defecating on someone indicates your anger and hostility toward that person.

Dream: Casket
Interpretation: To see a casket in your dream symbolizes the womb. It also signifies your thoughts and fears of death. If the casket is empty, then it denotes irreconcilable differences. Alternatively, the coffin represents ideas and habits that are no longer of use and can be buried. In particular, if the casket is white, then it refers to lost innocence.

Dream: Table
Interpretation: To see a table in your dream represents social unity and family connections. If the table is broken, wobbly or not functional, then it suggests some dissension in a group. It may also refer to a sense of insecurity. Perhaps there is something you cannot hold inside any longer and need to bring it out in the open. To dream that you are setting the table suggests that you laying the groundwork for a plan or personal endeavor. It also implies confidence. To see a round table in your dream indicates evenness, sharing, cooperation, equal rights and opportunities for all.  It also symbolizes honesty, loyalty, and chivalry. To dream that you are lying on a table indicates your need for nourishment and relaxation. It relates to health concerns and anxieties about your well-being. To dream that a table is walking or moving by itself signifies that you will undergo some changes in your life which will relieve you of some dissatisfaction. If you see a very long table in your dream, then it suggests that you are feeling isolated even though you are surrounded by family and friends. Everything around you is moving ahead, but you are unable to keep up. Table Tennis To see or play table tennis in your dream suggests that you are going back and forth between two choices. You are confused over an important decision in your life. Alternatively, the dream also indicates commitment issues. You are having difficulty committing to a decision, to a relationship or social obligation. Tablecloth To see a soiled tablecloth in your dream signifies disobedience and quarrels. Tablet *Please See Pill. Tackle To dream that you are being tackled represents obstacles that are standing in your way toward your goals. Something or someone is preventing you from achieving your goals. Tacks To see tacks in your dream symbolize annoyances in your life. You are becoming confrontational and quarrelsome. To dream that you are pushing or driving a tack represents some pressing matter. The dream may also be a pun on things that you are "tacking" onto your schedule. Perhaps, there is something that you need to remember. Taco To see or eat a taco in your dream signifies warmth and comfort. Consider the type of taco shell, as this is analogous to your demeanor and attitude in your waking life. If it is a hard shell taco, then it represents your brash and "hard" exterior. If it is a soft shell taco, then it signifies your adaptability and yielding persona. Tadpole To see tadpoles in your dream suggest that you have not reached your full potential. If you are a woman and dream of tadpoles, then the dream may indicate your desire to be pregnant. T affy To see or eat taffy in your dream implies that you are enjoying the rewards of your hard work. Tag To dream that you are playing tag represents your level of determination and agility toward achieving your goals. If you are the one being chased, then the dream means that you are trying to dodge some responsibility. If you are the one who is doing the chasing, then it signifies your instincts and your determination to go after what you want. The dream may be telling you that "you're it!" You are the chosen one or the one that is chosen for the job. Tail To see only the tail of an animal in your dream signifies annoyances and complications in a situation where pleasure was expected. If the tail is wagging, then it symbolizes excitement, thrills, and joy. If the tail is between the legs, then it represents fear and humiliation. Alternatively, the dream represents balance. Or it may  be a pun on "being tailed" as in being followed or chased. To dream that you have grown a tail represents an aspect of the past that still lingers with you. Tailor To see a tailor in your dream represents your abilities and creativity. The dream may also be a pun on the need to "tailor" your actions or behavior in order to fit in. Taj Mahal To see or dream that you are at the Taj Mahal represents calmness. You are putting an issue or situation to rest. Takeout To dream that you are ordering or eating takeout food implies that you are looking for some sort of emotional support. You are not spending enough time confronting your feelings or you have avoided your feelings for too long. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor that there is something that you need to "take out" or "take away" from your life. To dream that you are dressed as a Chinese takeout container means that you are lacking some sort of social life. Perhaps you want someone to take you out. Talent Show To dream that you are in a talent show indicates that you are recognizing and using your potential and skills. You are acknowledging your abilities and moving toward a new stage in your life. Consider the reaction and behavior of the audience as they symbolize your social circle and support system. If the audience reacts negatively, then it suggests that your friends and family are not supportive of you. Conversely, if the audience reacts positively, then it means that you have a support system to lean on. To dream that you are watching a talent show suggests that you are not utilizing your full potential. You are watching your own talents go to waste. Talisman To dream that you are wearing a talisman indicates that you are in need of protection. Sometimes you need to put away your pride and know when to ask for outside help. Talk Show To watch a talk show or dream that you are on a talk show indicates that there is a topic or issue that you want to discuss, but do not know how to bring it  up. Talking To dream that you are talking does not have any significance unless it is unusual or bizarre. What are you saying specifically. Consider also if what you say evoke strong feelings or behavioral reactions. The dream may simply be highlighting your need improve your communication skills or learn to express yourself more clearly. If you dream that you cannot talk or have difficulties speaking, then it means that you are not expressing yourself effectively. Perhaps you feel that your opinion or words mean nothing to others. Tall To dream that you are taller than someone indicates that you may be looking down on that person. You feel that you are above her or him. Alternatively, the dream represents authority and pride. To dream that others are taller than you suggests that you have a tendency to overlook things. Perhaps you feel that a higher power is always looking over you and judging your actions. Alternatively, the dream denotes low self-esteem issues. You are looking down on yourself. Tallow To see tallow in your dream signifies that love and wealth will quickly vanish if you are not cautious and continue to carry on your careless way. Talons To see talons in your dream symbolize something that is within your grasp. You need to be more decisive and go for what you want. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you are feeling defensive about something. Tamale To eat or make tamales in your dream symbolize togetherness and spiritual bonding. Alternatively, the dream represents the importance of learning from past generations. Tamarind To see a tamarind tree in your dream signifies faithfulness. meanings by DreamMoods.com Tambourine To see or play a tambourine in your dream symbolizes the rhythm and beat of your life. You are in control of the various aspects of life that you partake or join in. Tame To dream that you are taming an animal symbolizes your control over your animalistic urges.  You are experiencing balance and harmony. To dream that you are being tamed indicates that you need to exercise better control in your life. Show more restraint. Alternatively, the dream may mean that you are accepting aspects of yourself that you had previously rejected. Tampon To see or wear a tampon in your dream signifies aggression. You are experiencing some tension that needs to be released. Alternatively, the dream may also be analogous to the phallus. Tan *Please See Dream Moods' interpretation of Suntan. Tan Lines To dream that you have tan lines in your dream represent the positives and negatives of a situation. You need to look at the pros and cons. Tandem To dream that you are doing something in tandem with someone else symbolizes a strong and solid partnership. This may refer to a business partnership, marital partnership or just plain teamwork. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you cannot always do things on your own. Sometimes you need to seek the help of others in order to accomplish some mutual goal. Tangerine To see or eat a tangerine in your dream implies that you are in need of a quick and easy boost of energy. Tangle To dream that you are tangled up in something symbolizes confusion or chaos in your waking life. Pay attention to how you untangle yourself in the dream and apply it to your real life situation.  The dream may also be a pun on "doing the tango". Tango To dream that you are dancing the tango signifies sensuality, intensity, and drama. Perhaps you need to exhibit these qualities in your work or relationship. Also consider the proverb "it takes two to tango" which refers to mutual cooperation and teamwork. Tank To see a tank filled with water in your dream signifies prosperity and satisfaction with the current state of your life. You have complete control over your emotions. If there is a faceless human/fish-like creature inside the tank, then it implies that you are keeping an aspect of your emotions bottled up. You are afraid of confronting your own feelings. To see a military tank in your dream represents the need to defend yourself and stand up for your beliefs, even if it means being confrontational or violent. You are not letting anything or anybody stand in your way toward your goals. Alternatively, the tank symbolizes a threat. Dreaming of a tank car on a train indicates that your feelings are predictable. Alternatively, seeing tank cars in your dream means that you tend to not let your emotions get in the way of your decisions. You know how to stay objective. Tannery To see a tannery in your dream refers to your perseverance and thick-skinned nature. Despite what life throws at you, you remain tough and steadfast. To dream that you are a tanner suggests that sometimes you still have to do something even though is it not what you want to do. Tanning Bed To see or lay on a tanning bed in your dream symbolizes your vanity and your preoccupation with beauty. Alternatively, the dream may be calling attention to your primal instinct or dark side. Tantrum To dream that you are throwing a tantrum implies that you are behaving immaturely in some waking situation. You are expressing your anger in an ineffective way. To dream that someone is throwing a tantrum suggests that you are not confronting your anger. You are projecting your negative feelings onto someone else. Tanzanite To see or wear tanzanite in your dream suggests that an important message or vision will be made known to you. Alternatively, tanzanite refers to spiritual healing, fresh beginnings and new awareness. The blue color of the tanzanite represents clarity, cleansing and spirituality. Tap *Please See Faucet. Tap Dancing To dream that you are tap dancing indicates that you need to keep up with life or else you will be left behind. The franticness and speed of the tapping parallels how chaotic or calm your life is. To see someone tap dancing in your dream represents the rhythm of life. Tape To see or use tape in your dream represents your limitations. On the other hand, the dream may be telling you that you need to show more restraint in some aspect of your life. Tape Measure *Please See Measuring Tape. Tape Recorder To see or use a tape recorder in your dream suggests that there is a message that you need to absorb and incorporate in your daily life. Alternatively, it indicates that there is a past message that you may have overlooked. Tapestry To see tapestry in your dream represents your past and your current life experiences. The tapestry is also symbolic of luxurious living and pleasurable surroundings. To see a torn and ragged tapestry in your dream refers to a lack resources needed to satisfy your needs and desires. Tapeworm To have or see a tapeworm in your dream forewarns of poor health. You need to reevaluate your diet and lifestyle. Tapping To dream that you are tapping your fingers or your toes indicates idleness. You may have lost your direction or lost sight of your goals. Alternatively, to tap your fingers or toes in your dream points to some nervous energy. There is a problem that you cannot solve or a decision that is weighing on your mind. Tar To see tar in your dream signifies your dependency on something or someone. You need to be more self-reliant. Tar is also symbolic of the subconscious and the negative aspect of the Self. In particular, to dream that you are tarred and feathered symbolizes pent up anger, hostility and shame. You are punishing yourself. Tar Pit To see a tar pit in your dream indicates that your subconscious material is threatening to rise to the surface. Tarantula To see a tarantula in your dream represents your dark and sinister side. A tarantula is also symbolic of a woman figure in your life. Target To dream that you are shooting at a target indicates that you have your sights clearly set on a goal.  The dream may also be trying to motivate you along. If you missed the target, then it symbolizes missed chances, missed opportunities, or missed judgment calls. If you hit the target, then the dream is telling you that you are on the mark or that you are on the right track. Tarot Cards To dream of a tarot reading indicates your current situation and state of mind. You are open to exploring your subconscious thoughts and feelings. Pay attention to what the Tarot Cards reveal. Consider the following general meanings of the four Tarot suits: The Wands represent fire, inspiration, spirituality, action, initiative, and the Psyche. The suit of the Swords signify air, determination, strength, faith, and conquering of fear. The Cups symbolize water, emotions, purity, and your outlook toward life and the future. The Pentacles denote finances, social influence, worldly knowledge, and your connection with nature and earth. Tart To see or eat a tart in your dream suggests that things are going well for you. Alternatively, the dream may also be a pun for a woman who looks like a tart? If you are a woman, then the dream may mean that you need to loosen up a little bit and not be so uptight. Tartan To see or wear tartan in your dream suggests that some of your conservative views are in conflict with your liberal and wild side. The tartan may also mean that you are being too unyielding about something. Taser To dream that you have been hit by a Taser suggests that you are in need of a jolt or a shot of energy in your life. Alternatively, the dream means that you need to stop and think about what you are doing. Perhaps you need to be knocked into your senses. Tassels To see tassels in your dream signify some spiritual transition. Taste To taste something bad in your dream suggests that you need to reconsider some situation, relationship or decision. Give it a second chance. For specific taste, please see Sour , Sweet , Salty in the Dream Moods dream dictionary. T ater Tots To see or eat tater tots in your dream implies that you are focusing too much on petty matters. Tattoo To dream that you have tattoos represent your sense of individuality and the desire to stand out in a crowd. You want to be unique and different from everybody else, particularly if you do not have any tattoos in real life. Consider also what the tattoo is and what significance it has in your life. It may represent something that has left a lasting impression on you. Alternatively, to dream that you have a tattoo suggests that a waking s ituation or decision is having a much longer lasting effect that you had expected. To dream that your significant other has a tattoo that they don't have in real life suggests that he or she is trying to express himself or herself in the relationship. He or she wants to get your attention and communicate some important message. Perhaps you have been overlooking or ignoring something in the relationship. To dream that you are a tattoo artist suggests that your exotic tastes and strange experiences may turn off those around you. If you are a tattooist in real life, then the dream is just a reflection of who you are. To dream that you are getting a dragon tattoo on your wrist implies that you are looking for attention. You want to be acknowledged and awarded for your efforts and positive actions. Dreaming of getting a tattoo of the ace of diamonds means that you are proud of your past accomplishments and want to share it with those around you. Taurus To dream that someone is a Taurus represents determination, practicality, stubbornness, perseverance and willpower. Perhaps you need to incorporate these qualities into yourself. It also refers to your love of beauty and your gentleness. Alternatively, the dream points to some issues with your neck or throat. Tavern *Please See Pub. Taxes To dream that you are paying taxes represent the price you are paying for the way you live. The dream may be stemming from some sort of self-guilt and the debt that you owe to society. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor for something that is physically or mentally "taxing" on you. You are feeling overburdened. To refuse to pay taxes in your dream indicates that you are rebelling against society or the government. You are a non-conformist. Taxi *Please See Cab. Taxidermy To see taxidermy in your dream suggests that you need to give new life to some relationship or situation that you previously thought was forgotten or dead. Tea To dream that you are making or drinking tea represents satisfaction and contentment in your life. You are taking your time with regards to some relationship or situation. Alternatively, the dream signifies tranquility, serenity, calmness, and respect. To dream that you are reading tea leaves means that you need to look pass the superficial and get to the core of the situation. To attend or watch a tea ceremony in your dream signifies unity, togetherness, respect and family. Tea Bag To see a tea bag in your dream suggests that you need for more calmness in your life. Take a rest! If the tea bag is in use, then refer to the interpretation for tea. Tea House To dream that you are at tea house symbolizes your social life. It is time to call up old friends and catch up with what they are all up to. Teacher To see your teacher (past or present) in your dream suggests that you are seeking some advice, guidance, or knowledge. You are heading into a new path in life and are ready to learn by example or from a past experience. Consider your own personal experiences with that particular teacher. What subject was taught? Alternatively, a teacher relates to issues with authority and seeking approval. You may be going through a situation in your waking life where you feel that you are being treated like a student or in which you feel you are being put to a test. Also pay attention to the demeanor and attitude of the teacher in your dream. If the teacher in your dream is mean, then it implies that you may be putting too much pressure on yourself to succeed. To dream that you are a teacher indicates that you are in a position of disseminating your knowledge and wisdom to others. The dream may imply how  you are "teaching someone a lesson" and giving them a hard time about something. If you are a teacher in real life, then the dream is just a reflection of who you are and is about your work. To dream that you are having sex with a teacher implies that there are still things you need to learn when it comes to sex. *Please see also School . Teacups To see teacups in your dream indicate that you need to be more spiritual. Teal *Please See Duck or See Dream Moods' Dream Themes: Colors. Teakettle To see a teakettle or teapot in your dream symbolizes the mundane aspect of your life. Perhaps you are taking certain things for granted or are overlooking something or someone. Team To dream that you are part of a team indicates the importance of working together. The dream may be a metaphor that you have your life in order.  If you are unhappy in the team, then it suggests that you are having issues in some area of your waking relationship. You may not be getting along with some work colleague or family member. Tear Gas To come in contact with tear gas in your dream suggests that you are feeling suffocated and smothered by some relationship. You need to cleanse yourself and get rid of past pain. Tears To dream that you are in tears signify that you are undergoing a period of healing in your life. The tears symbolize compassion, emotional healing and spiritual cleansing. Alternatively, tears indicate pain. To dream that someone is in tears indicate that you need to rethink your actions and how your behavior may be affecting those around you. To see a teardrop in your dream represents some previous wisdom that you have learned or recalled. Teasing To dream that you are being teased suggests that you are behaving or acting inappropriately in some waking situation. You are not taking your actions seriously. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you are feeling victimized by others or by circumstances. Teasing may also be a metaphor for someone who is being "a tease", perhaps even yourself. To dream that you are teasing another person indicates that you are having a problem accepting an aspect of your own character as represented by the person being teased.  They may highlight your own insecurities and self-doubt. Teddy Bear To see or receive a teddy bear in your dream suggests a regression to an earlier state. You may be reminiscing about early childhood memories. Or it may symbolize lost security, comfort, and companionship. You need to be reassured and taken care of.  Alternatively, a teddy bear signifies an immature relationship. Teenager If you are beyond your adolescence and you dream that you are a teenager, then the dream suggests that you are acting immaturely. An aspect of yourself may still need some developing in order to achieve fulfillment. Alternatively, to dream that you are a teenager suggests that you are struggling for your independence and autonomy. Teepee To see or dream that you are living in a teepee signifies your ability to adapt to any situation or circumstance. You tend to just go with the flow. Alternatively, dream about a teepee indicates that you are temporarily shielding yourself from a situation. Sooner or later, you will not to confront the issue at hand.  The dream may refer to the initials T.P. Teeth To dream that you have rotting or decaying teeth implies that you may have said something that you shouldn't have. You may have uttered some false or foul words and those words are coming back to haunt you. To dream that your teeth is sparkling or gleaming signifies happiness and fulfilled wishes. Dreaming of brushing your teeth suggests that you are feeling defensive about any criticism directed towards you. You are putting up a shield or barrier to protect yourself from potential hurt. Alternatively, the dream means that you are preoccupied with your appearance and are worried about how others perceive you. It refers to your level of confidence, your struggles and your aggressiveness. You need to look out for yourself and your own interest. Perhaps, you feel that your position is shaky. To dream that you don't want to brush your teeth implies that you tend to speak your mind even if it may offend others. To dream that your teeth has fallen out and you try to refit them back into the mouth signifies a lack of self-confidence and embarrassment. You are afraid that others will know of your short-comings. If you acted calmly in your dream, then it may point to how can make the best out of any situation. You are able to rise above unfavorable circumstances. Dreaming that there are teeth growing all over inside your mouth from the roof of your mouth to under your tongue means that you are on the defensive about something and may be a little overly aggressive about it. If you dream that your teeth is broken or that it has been knocked out, then it means that you have misspoken about some matter. It is also refers to the consequences of your words and/or what you say about others. To dream that you are pulling teeth out of your mouth and it hurts refers to something that you do not want to do. If you dream of pulling teeth out of your mouth and it does not hurt, then it means that a situation was not as difficult or tedious as you had initially assumed. If you have a dream that you are carrying a tooth, then it is symbolic of money or lack of in your pocket. You are experiencing some financial issues. *For an in depth analysis, click on Dream Moods' section on Common Dreams: Teeth Telegram To dream that you receive a telegram represents an important message from your subconscious.  Receiving a telegram may be an indirect and non-confrontational approach to which you can better deal with some suppressed matters. To dream that you are sending a telegram indicates that you are trying to make an aspect of yourself known without being too direct about it. Telekinesis To dream that you are telekinetic represents a higher level of awareness and consciousness. You are not utilizing your full potential and need to start putting your stored energy levels and mental abilities to use. In other words, you need to put your thoughts into action. For some, dreams of telekinetic powers may indicate your latent paranormal abilities. Telepathy To dream that you have telepathy signifies a personal and highly spiritual message from your subconscious.  Your telepathic abilities suggest that you need to pay more attention to what people are telling you and conveying to you. The dream may also indicate that you need to better connect with people. Your telepathic dreams can help and show you how to talk to certain people; it is like a "rehearsal" of sorts. To dream that someone has telepathy indicates fear of exposure. You are keeping something inside and don't want others to know about it. Telephone To see or hear a telephone in your dream signifies a message from your subconscious or some sort of telepathic communication. You may be forced to confront issues which you have been avoiding. Alternatively, the telephone represents your communication and relationship with others. If there is no dial tone or the phone is left off the hook, then the dream indicates that you are shutting yourself out. You are experiencing difficulties in getting your thoughts and feelings across. To hear a dial tone in your dream means that you are receptive to new ideas and open to other's opinions. To dream that you do not want to return a call or answer a ringing telephone indicates a lack of communication. There is a situation or relationship that you are trying to keep at a distance. To dream that the telephone is constantly ringing means that some message is not coming through properly. To dream that you are having a telephone conversation with someone you know  signifies an issue that you need to confront with that person. This issue may have to do with letting go some part of yourself. If  you are put on hold, then the dream is a metaphor for being taken for granted or being unable to freely express yourself. To dream that you dial the wrong number means that you are experiencing difficulties in relating to others. You have trouble expressing yourself and over-think things. To dream that your telephone has been tapped indicates that aspects of your subconscious must be confronted. Alternatively, it implies that you have a fear of being exposed. There is something you are hiding. **See The Meaning In Action: " Can't Make Phone Call " Telephone Book To see or use a telephone book in your dream suggests that "you need to reach out and touch someone". Perhaps there is someone from your past that you need to reconnect with. Or the dream may be a metaphor telling you that there is some issue that you need to "address". Telephone Booth To see or dream that you are inside a telephone booth refers to a message or advice that comes with a price. It may also point to your communication or relationship with someone and how it is taking a toll on you in some way. Dreaming that the the phone booth is out of order implies that you are being shut out . You are having difficulties connecting to others or you are unable to get your thoughts across in an effective way. Telephone Charger To see or use a telephone charger in your dream suggests that you are feeling drained or empty. Thus the dream may be metaphor that you need to be "recharged" and revitalized. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you are disconnected from others. Perhaps you are isolating yourself. Telephone Number To see a phone number in your dream suggests that you need to make contact with someone or reach out for help. To dream that you cannot remember or find a phone number suggests that you need to start being more independent and responsible. To dream that you cannot dial a phone number correctly suggests that you are having difficulties in getting through to someone in your waking life. Consider whose phone number you are trying to dial. Perhaps he or she is not taking your advice or listening to what you have to say. To dream that you are giving someone your telephone number means that you need to take the initiative and reach out to others. You need to make the first move. Telephone Pole To see a telephone pole in your dream symbolizes some spiritual communication. If you see a row of telephone poles, then it represents your connections to others. Perhaps there is someone who you need to reach out to. Teleportation To teleport in your dream represents your desires to escape your current situation or to move more faster and easier through it. You may be expressing some frustrations with how your waking life is proceeding and the slow speed that it is moving at. Teleprompter To dream that you are reading from a teleprompter implies that you are not saying what you really feel. Instead you are saying what others want to hear. Telescope To see a telescope in your dream suggests that you need to take a closer look at some situation. It may also indicate that you are going through a period of uncertain changes. As a result, you are feeling anxious. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor and that you need to extend or reach out to something or someone. To dream that you are looking through a telescope at the stars and planets signifies pleasurable but costly journeys. meanings by DreamMoods.com Television To dream that you are watching television represents your mind and its flowing thoughts. The dream reflects how you are receiving, integrating, and expressing your ideas and thoughts. The programs you dream of watching are an objective view of the things that are in your mind. To dream that you are on TV suggests that there is something that you want to broadcast to the whole world. You have the desire to express yourself. Alternatively, the dream means that you are trying to take a more objective view on your life issues. If you dream that the TV show is your reality, then it means that you are avoiding some responsibility. To dream that the television is broken or that the picture is fuzzy suggests that you are looking at a problem all wrong. You need to re-evaluate an issue. **See The Meaning In Action: " Roswell " & " TV Dream " Temperature To dream that you or someone is taking your temperature suggests that you need to keep your temper in check. If the temperature is high, then it indicate s that feelings of anger or hatred or threatening to come to your consciousness. If the temperature is low or normal, then it indicates that you are able to remain calm and cool under pressure. Tempest To dream that you are caught in a tempest indicates a violent emotional outbreak. You are experiencing a lot of anger, rage and turmoil. *See Storm or Cyclones . Temple To see a temple in your dream represents inspiration, spiritual thinking, meditation and growth. It is also symbolic of your physical body and the attention you give it. Perhaps you need to pamper yourself. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you are looking for a place of refuge and a place to keep things that are dear to you. Temptation To dream of a temptation represents a conflict between your Self and your desires and between instant gratification and long term goals.  You are trying to weigh some life decision. Ten Commandments To dream of the ten commandments suggest that you will be rewarded if you behave and follow the rules. Tenant To dream that you are a tenant indicates a lack of responsibility for the way you are living. The dream may also be a metaphor that you are overstepping someone else's boundaries. To dream that you have a tenant suggests that you are ready for a committed relationship. Tennis To dream that you are playing tennis represents changes or challenges in your life. You need to actively assert yourself and prove yourself time and time again. Alternatively, playing or watching tennis indicates that you are unable to commit to a situation or decision. You are literally going back and forth between two choices. Perhaps the dream is trying to tell you that "the ball is in your court." It is your turn to make the next move. meanings by DreamMoods.com Since one of the score in tennis is denoted as "love", then the game of tennis may be a metaphor for a romantic relationship or a courtship. Tennis Court To see a tennis court in your dream implies that you need to choose a side in some challenge or argument. Tent To dream that you are in a tent indicates that you need a temporary change to your daily routine. You need to take time off and get away from the daily grind. Alternatively, the dream may mean instability and insecurity in your current situation. You do not want to settle down. Dreaming that you are in a tent may be a pun on your "in-tent" or intentions. Tent Pegging To dream that you are tent pegging represents the small accomplishments you make along the way toward a bigger goal. Alternatively the dream is analogous to your sexual conquests. Tentacles To see tentacles in your dream symbolize unknown danger lurking from the depths of your subconscious. Your subconscious is trying to pull you in so you can address the issues that you have been refusing to confront or acknowledge. Alternatively, the dream refers to a very clingy relationship. Tequila To dream that you are drinking tequila represents your relaxed state of mind. You want to let go of life's daily problems. Terminal To dream that you are at the terminal represents relationships and situations that you are leaving behind. It signifies a transitional phase where you are approaching a new direction in life. Consider if the train or flight was delayed, early or on time. The dream may also be a metaphor to symbolize someone who is "terminally" ill or your own fears of death.

Dream: Ballet
Interpretation: To dream that you are watching a ballet symbolizes balance, cooperation, and harmony.

Dream: Jade
Interpretation: To see jade in your dream indicates growth, healing power, purity, harmony, luck, immortality, and truth. It refers to the shaping and development of your personality.

Dream: Wallet
Interpretation: To see your wallet in your dream symbolizes your self-identity or financial security.

Dream: Debt
Interpretation: To dream that you are in debt signifies imbalance, struggle, worry and trouble in some personal situation or business matter. Alternatively, it may indicate that you are putting too much demands of others.

Dream: Makeup
Interpretation: To dream that you are applying makeup suggests that you are trying to cover up or conceal an aspect of yourself.  Alternatively, it indicates that you are putting on your best face forward. You are trying to enhance your self-image and increase your sense of self-confidence. The dream may also be a metaphor that you need to "make up" with someone.  It is time to forgive and forget.

Dream: Kindergarten
Interpretation: To dream that you are in kindergarten suggests that you are going through a transitional phase in your life. The dream may also represent some unresolved feelings of anxiety or separation.

Dream: Panties
Interpretation: To see or wear panties in your dream represent your feminine attitudes and feelings. It reflects a female point of view.

Dream: Icing
Interpretation: To put icing on a cake or pastry indicates that you are behaving superficially. Something may look good on the exterior, but prove empty or unsubstantial on the inside. In other words, looks can be deceiving. Alternatively, the dream represents the finishing touches in your life that brings about fulfillment and completion.

Dream: A
Interpretation: To dream that you are getting acupuncture suggests that you are in need of healing. You may need to divert your energies to different pursuits. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor for a problem or issue that you need to pinpoint.

Dream: Taser
Interpretation: To dream that you have been hit by a Taser suggests that you are in need of a jolt or a shot of energy in your life. Alternatively, the dream means that you need to stop and think about what you are doing. Perhaps you need to be knocked into your senses.

Dream: Taj
Mahal
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are at the Taj Mahal represents calmness. You are putting an issue or situation to rest.

Dream: Virus
Interpretation: To dream that a computer has a virus or has crashed suggests that something in your life that is out of control. It may parallel something in your life that has come to a crashing end. If you dream that your computer has a sentient computer virus that would create random or strange artwork, then it depicts your subconscious desires. The artwork may also be a reflection of a situation in your life that you are ignoring. In particular, if the artwork is of a little boy smearing X's with his poop on a calendar, then it indicates past regrets or remorse.

Dream: Knife
Interpretation: To dream that you are carrying a knife signifies anger, aggression and/or separation. There may be something in your life that you need to cut out and get rid of.  Perhaps you need to cut ties or sever some relationship. Be more divisive. Alternatively, a knife refers to some sexual tension or sexual confrontation.

Dream: Paranoia
Interpretation: To dream that you are paranoid indicates your hesitance in moving forward in some situation or relationship. You are so overcome with fear and suspicion that you are not ready to take that major step in your life.

Dream: Backyard
Interpretation: To dream about your backyard represents your childhood memories or your subconscious. Alternatively, dreaming of your backyard refers to the secrets you are keeping. There are some aspects of your life which you want to keep hidden and out of the view of others. The dream also represents some aspect of your life that you have taken for granted. Consider also the phrase "not in my backyard." In other words, everything is okay as long as it does not happen to you or occur in your own home. The condition of the yard is also symbolic of how well you maintain and balance aspects of your life.

Dream: Island
Interpretation: To dream of Easter Island represents self-exploration and your connection with a higher power. More directly, the dream may be about your desire to travel back in time to an ancient civilization.

Dream: Game Show
Interpretation: To dream that you are on a game show suggests that you need to change some aspect of your life around. You may be experiencing feelings of uncertainty and what the future may hold. Consider the type of game show or the name of the game show. What are you playing for and what is its significance relative to your waking life.

Dream: Waves
Interpretation: To see clear, calm  waves in your dream, signify renewal and clarity. You are reflecting on some important life decision that needs to be made. Alternatively, if you are riding a wave, then it indicates that you are trying to get a handle on your emotions. Waves also symbolize potential and power.

Dream: Scooter
Interpretation: To see or ride a scooter in your dream suggests that you are enjoying your position of power.

Dream: Scarab
Interpretation: To see a scarab in your dream symbolizes your ability to survive, adapt, and change. You are on the right path. It also indicates your anxieties about death and aging. Alternatively, the scarab represents the sun, resurrection, and immortality.

Dream: Vivisection
Interpretation: To dream of a vivisection suggests that there is something that you are desperate to eliminate from your life. Consider the qualities of the animal being vivisected and how it relates to an aspect of your character.

Dream: Deliverance
Interpretation: To dream about deliverance refers to your need to feel protected. You may be feeling a little vulnerable and are looking strength. The dream may also indicate that you are being swayed by some negative influences in your life.

Dream: Handprint
Interpretation: To make a handprint in your dream indicates your desire to do something important and leave an impression on others.

Dream: Pacifier
Interpretation: To see a pacifier in your dream represents emotional nurturance. You are expressing a desire to escape from your daily responsibilities and demands.

Dream: Action
Figure
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are playing with an action figure suggests that you are being manipulated in some way. Or you tend to do what other people expect of you. Also consider the significance of the way that the action figure is dressed.

Dream: Dachshund
Interpretation: To see a Dachshund in your dream highlights your loyalty and devotion to others. You are well grounded and rational in your thinking.

Dream: Ignition
Interpretation: To turn the ignition in your dream suggests that you are set to move forward toward your goals. You are ready to grow.  If you are having problems with the ignition, then it indicates that you are experiencing problems with how to get started with some project or goal. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor for something that you need to ignite in your life.

Dream: Geisha
Interpretation: To see a geisha in your dream represents beauty, charm, poise and grace.

Dream: Pastel
Interpretation: To dream of pastel colors indicate that you are not fully recognizing and dealing with some part of your emotions. There is some ambiguity in your life.

Dream: Waving
Interpretation: To dream that you are waving to someone represents your connection to that person. You are trying to gain their recognition or get their attention. Perhaps there is a certain aspect of this person that you need to incorporate into your own self. The dream may also signify your need to develop deeper and closer friendship ties.

Dream: Elephant
Interpretation: To see an elephant in your dream indicates that you need to be more patient or more understanding of others. Or perhaps there is a memory that you are holding on to for too long. You need to let go of the past. The elephant is also a symbol of power, strength, faithfulness and intellect. Alternatively, the elephant's introverted personality may be a reflection of your own personality. In particular, if you see a white elephant, then it symbolizes royalty.

Dream: Cargo
Interpretation: To dream that you are loading or carrying cargo refers to a heavy load that you are carrying around. You are feeling overburdened or overwhelmed.

Dream: Palm
Reading
Interpretation: To dream that you are having your palms read represent your life goals and ambition.  The dream shows how you want to live your life and where you want to be headed.

Dream: Eggshells
Interpretation: To see eggshells in your dream symbolize your fragile or vulnerable state of mind. Alternatively, the dream implies that you need to break out of your shell and let others know your true self. It is time to let your guard down a little.

Dream: Harmonica
Interpretation: To see or hear a harmonica in your dream suggests that you need to let more joy and pleasure come into your life. It is also symbolic of a harmonious situation.

Dream: Schnauzer
Interpretation: To see a schnauzer in your dream highlights you hyper-alertness and loyalty.

Dream: Sabotage
Interpretation: To dream that you have been sabotaged indicates that there is something that you are ignoring or overlooking in your waking life.

Dream: Salt
Interpretation: To see or taste salt in your dream represents a new found flare in your waking life. You are experiencing increased worth and a higher sense of zest and vigor. Alternatively, salt symbolizes dependability, truth, and dedication. Also consider the phrase of throwing salt on an open wound. The dream may thus elude to some painful or difficult memory.

Dream: Rape
Interpretation: To dream that you were raped or almost raped indicates vengeful or resentful feelings toward the opposite sex.  You feel that you have been violated or that you have been taken advantage of. Something or someone is jeopardizing your self-esteem and emotional well-being. Things are being forced upon you. Dreams of rape are also common for those who were actually raped in their waking life.

Dream: Queen
Interpretation: To see a queen in your dream symbolizes intuition, personal growth, power and influence. The queen is also a symbol for your mother.

Dream: Nectarine
Interpretation: To dream that you are eating a nectarine indicates that you are at ease. You are content with the simple things in life.

Dream: Yard
Sale
Interpretation: To hold or be at a yard sale in your dream indicates that you are recycling past experiences and finding use for your old skills and ideas. You are learning from your past and making productive use of the lessons you have learned.

Dream: Balcony
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are on a balcony refers to your desire to be seen and noticed.  You are searching for prestige and higher status. It may also mean that you are on your way up the social ladder. If the balcony is clean, then it indicates that you are looked up to by others. If the balcony is old, then it suggests that your public image is in need of repair. Alternatively, the balcony could signify your ambivalence regarding a situation. You are feeling torn or undecided.

Dream: Vitamins
Interpretation: To see or take a vitamin in your dream indicates that you need to strengthen your willpower and stand up for yourself. Alternatively, taking vitamins point to your waking eating habits and that you need to add certain nutrients to your diet.

Dream: Demotion
Interpretation: To dream that you are getting a demotion at work indicates a lack of self-esteem and confidence. You are fixated on the negative aspects of your life. On the other hand, your dream demotion may point to your arrogance and that you need to tone it down.  Alternatively, being demoted means that you are not giving an important task your full attention.

Dream: Teepee
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are living in a teepee signifies your ability to adapt to any situation or circumstance. You tend to just go with the flow. Alternatively, dream about a teepee indicates that you are temporarily shielding yourself from a situation. Sooner or later, you will not to confront the issue at hand.  The dream may refer to the initials T.P.

Dream: Earthworm
Interpretation: To see an earthworm in your dream indicates that you need to go deep into your subconscious in order to unearth your hidden feelings and desires. Alternatively, earthworms symbolize little things that can be beneficial for your growth and well-being. It also represents renewal. Perhaps you need to restore some aspect of yourself.

Dream: Acquaintance
Interpretation: To see an acquaintance in your dream represents aspects of yourself that you are still trying to get to know.

Dream: Nautilus
Interpretation: To see a nautilus in your dream reflects your tenacity. You don't let go of what's yours and don't give up.  Alternatively, dreaming of a nautilus indicates that you have a good handle of a situation.

Dream: Ball
Pit
Interpretation: To see a ball pit in your dream symbolizes celebration, joy and youth, especially if there are children playing inside it. It is a reminder to be more carefree and spontaneous.

Dream: Web
Interpretation: To see a web in your dream represents your desire to control everything around you. Alternatively, it suggests that you are being held back from fully expressing yourself. You feel trapped and do not know what to do or where to go. The dream may also be symbolic of your social network of acquaintances and associates or it may represent the world wide web.

Dream: Tequila
Interpretation: To dream that you are drinking tequila represents your relaxed state of mind. You want to let go of life's daily problems.

Dream: Nebula
Interpretation: To see a nebula in your dream symbolizes an outburst of creative energy and possibilities.

Dream: Rapids
Interpretation: To dream that you are carried away by the rapids suggests that you are experiencing some intense feelings. You may be literally be getting carried away by your emotions.

Dream: Mansion
Interpretation: To see a mansion in your dream symbolizes your greatest potential and growth. You may feel that your current situation or relationship is in a rut.

Dream: Hand
Interpretation: To dream of your hands represent your relationships with those around you and how you connect with the world. Hands serve as a form of communication and can represent authority, hate, protection, justice, etc depending on the gesture. Perhaps you need to lend a helping hand to someone. If someone else is giving you a helping hand, then it implies your need for help. Do not be afraid to ask for assistance or to depend on others from time to time. Moreover, the left hand symbolizes your graciousness and your feminine, receptive qualities, while the right hand symbolizes the masculine and active attributes. The right hand may also be a pun for some decision or something being "right". If you dream that your hands are detached or see disembodied hands, then it indicates that you are not getting your point of view across. You are not being understood or someone is not understanding you. The dream may also symbolize feelings of loneliness. If you see disembodied baby hands in your dream, then it points to your maternal eagerness or your desires to feel needed.

Dream: Passport
Interpretation: To see a passport in your dream represents your identity and your ability to traverse through various situations. You are experiencing new found freedom to do what you want and go where you want. You may be going through a period of self-discovery.

Dream: Fat
Interpretation: To dream that you are fat signifies a fortunate change in your life. You are experiencing abundance in some area of your life. Alternatively, the dream means that you are being overindulgent. You need to learn moderation. A more literal interpretation of this dream is your fears of gaining weight. You have an skewed perception of your own image which may stem from low self-esteem.

Dream: Adultery
Interpretation: To dream that you commit adultery or have an affair signifies your sexual urges and desires that are longing to be expressed. Alternatively, it indicates self-betrayal of your subconscious. You may find yourself entangled in a situation that is not in your best interest, perhaps even illegal.

Dream: Seal
Interpretation: To see a seal in your dream refers to your playfulness and jovial disposition. Seals also symbolize prosperity, good luck, faithfulness, success, security in love and spiritual understanding. You have the ability to adapt to various emotional situations. Alternatively, the dream symbol may also be a pun and indicate you need to put closure on some situation as in "sealing the deal". meanings by DreamMoods.com

Dream: Las
Vegas
Interpretation: To dream that you are in Las Vegas refers to excess and  overindulgence.  You need to show some restraint in some area of your life.  Alternatively, to dream of Vegas suggests that your good judgment is being clouded by all the emotional turmoil and chaos.

Dream: Water
Heater
Interpretation: To see a water heater in your dream implies that you are keeping your anger inside, instead of expressing it. So far, you have been able to keep your feelings under control. If the water heater malfunctions or explodes, then it implies that your anger is on the verge of erupting into violent expression.

Dream: Jellyfish
Interpretation: To see a jellyfish in your dream represents painful memories that is emerging from your subconscious. There may be hidden hostility or aggression in some aspect of your waking relationship or situation. Alternatively, a jellyfish indicates feelings of inadequacy, uncertainty and a lack of self-esteem. Perhaps there is some situation in which you are unable to assert yourself.

Dream: Feast
Interpretation: To see a feast in your dream denotes your emotional needs or sexual appetite. There is a lack of balance in your life. If you are gorging yourself at the feast, then it suggests that you are making too much demands of others. It also indicates greediness and selfishness. If you are the only one who did not get any food at the feast, then it indicates your tendency to always put others ahead of your own needs. As a result, you are compromising your own emotional well being and happiness.

Dream: Backward
Interpretation: To dream that you are walking or moving backwards indicates that your current course of action may be counter-productive. Whatever you are looking for in life seems to be moving away from you. Thus, you may feel a sense of failure or belief that you are unable to achieve your goals and aspirations. On the other hand, moving backwards in your dream indicate that you need to back off or retreat from a situation that you are currently facing in your waking life.

Dream: Weak
Interpretation: To dream that you are weak refers to your feelings of inadequacy. You need to be more firm and forceful.  Stand up for yourself.

Dream: Job
Interpretation: To dream that you are looking for a job suggests that you are feeling unfulfilled and frustrated in a current phase of your life. If you are applying for several jobs in your dream, then it suggests that you need a clear direction and focused goal.

Dream: Majorette
Interpretation: To see majorettes in your dream signifies unity and cooperation. It also symbolizes the rhythm of life.

Dream: Weapons
Interpretation: To see or hold a weapon in your dream indicates a need to defend and protect yourself emotionally and/or physically. You are experiencing some conflict in your waking life. Alternatively, the dream may indicate your hidden desire to hurt someone or something. Your dream provides a safe haven for expressing these desires. In dreams, weapons also often have sexual connotations.

Dream: Undercover
Interpretation: To dream that you are undercover indicates that you are hiding your true feelings or true nature. Perhaps the dream is trying to tell you that you are being someone that you are not.

Dream: Sand
Dunes
Interpretation: To see a sand dune in your dream signifies your desires to be sheltered from the bitterness of reality.

Dream: Emblem
Interpretation: To see an emblem in your dream represents your cultural ties and ancestral links. The dream provides you with a sense of confidence and inner strength.

Dream: Underwear
Interpretation: To dream that you are in your underwear signifies a situation that has created a loss of respect for you. Alternatively, it symbolizes some aspect of yourself that is private. If you feel ashamed of being seen in your underwear, then it indicates your hesitance in revealing your true feelings, attitudes, and other hidden habits/ideas. If you are not bothered by being in your underwear, then it suggests that you are ready to reveal or expose something that was previously hidden.

Dream: Uranium
Interpretation: To       see uranium in you dream represents your potential. You have it within       yourself to succeed and achieve your goals. Alternatively, seeing uranium       in your dream suggests that you are harboring some pent up anger or       aggression. You do not let people in your life easily.

Dream: Nap
Interpretation: To dream that you are taking a nap suggests that you need to take a little time off to relax and take it easy. Give yourself a break.

Dream: Weave
Interpretation: To dream that you are getting or wearing a weave implies that you are envisioning success and accomplishing your goals. Alternatively, having a weave means that you are pretending to be someone you are not. You are trying to pass off something as your own.

Dream: Victorian
Interpretation: To dream that you are in the Victorian period indicates that you are feeling sexually repressed. You feel you are unable to full express yourself. If you are wearing Victorian style clothes, then it means that you are feeling confined or restricted in some way. The dreaming mind likes to play word games and so the dream may point to someone in your life who is named "Vicky" or "Victoria". Or it can signify victory!

Dream: Paralyzed
Interpretation: To dream that you are paralyzed reflects the current state of your body while you are dreaming. During the REM state of sleep, your body is really immobile and paralyzed. People report that they cannot run or hit, despite how hard they try.

Dream: Yak
Interpretation: To see a yak in your dream represents your uniqueness and dependability. The yak may also be a pun on "yakking" too much. Maybe you should stop talking and listen more.

Dream: Desert
Interpretation: To dream that you are walking through a desert signifies loss and misfortune. You may be suffering from an attack on your reputation. Deserts are also symbolic of barrenness, loneliness and feelings of isolation and hopelessness. The desert landscape may also be a metaphor for feeling deserted and left behind.

Dream: Recovery
Interpretation: To dream that you are recovering or in recovery means that you are visualizing success or envisioning a positive future. You will overcome current struggles or hardships.

Dream: Deja
Vu
Interpretation: To dream of Déjà Vu indicates some unresolved issue which you are not addressing or are refusing to acknowledge. It may also represent a message or word of advice that you need to heed.

Dream: Raincoat
Interpretation: To dream that you are wearing a raincoat suggests that you are shielding yourself from your emotions. You are not able to face the nastiness. Alternatively, wearing a raincoat in your dream refers to your pessimistic outlook and unpleasantness.

Dream: Record
Interpretation: To see or listen to a record in your dream suggests that you need to consider both sides of a situation before making a decision. You need to be more in tune with your instincts.  Maybe there is something that you need to say "on or off the record." Or the dream is telling you that you are going round and round in circles; you are not making any progress in life. Alternatively, a record represents a need for enjoyment and sensual pleasure.

Dream: Tank
Interpretation: To see a tank filled with water in your dream signifies prosperity and satisfaction with the current state of your life. You have complete control over your emotions. If there is a faceless human/fish-like creature inside the tank, then it implies that you are keeping an aspect of your emotions bottled up. You are afraid of confronting your own feelings.

Dream: Car
Show
Interpretation: To dream that you are at a car show suggests that you are drawn to a flashy lifestyle which may not necessarily be who you really are.

Dream: Fate
Interpretation: To dream about your fate suggests that you are unwilling to take responsibility for your actions. You feel that it is always someone's fault or someone else's doing. Alternatively, the dream may be trying to help you visualize your goal and what you want to accomplish.

Dream: Sea
Turtle
Interpretation: To see a sea turtle in your dream indicates that you are cautious when it comes to expressing your emotions. You may also be a little emotionally sheltered.

Dream: Canyon
Interpretation: To see a canyon in your dream represents your subconscious mind and hidden feelings. It may point to emotions and relationships that you did not recognize.

Dream: Ladybug
Interpretation: To see a ladybug in your dream symbolizes beauty and good luck. The dream may also be a metaphor for a lady who is bugging you in your waking life. Perhaps there is an issue that you need to address with this lady. If the ladybug is unusually big, then it is analogous to the magnitude of the problem.

Dream: Labrador
Interpretation: To see a Labrador in your dream is a sign that you are on the right path. The Labrador may also be sending you a message of loyalty, commitment and unconditional love. Perhaps these are things that you need to build or work on in your waking relationships.

Dream: Parking
Lot
Interpretation: To dream that you are in parking lot suggests that you need to slow down and take time from your daily activities.

Dream: Cartoon
Interpretation: To dream that your real life is depicted in a cartoon world suggests that you are perceiving the world in a comical and unserious manner. This dream may also serve as an escape from the stressful realities of your life. It is your way of obtaining moments of lightheartedness and fun. Additionally, you need to learn to laugh at yourself and at your mistakes.

Dream: Band
Interpretation: To see a band or play with a band in your dream represents a sense of community and belonging. The dream may also be a pun on banding together and need for cooperation/unity.

Dream: Deformed
Interpretation: To dream that you or someone is deformed represents undeveloped aspects of yourself that you may have ignored. You refusal to acknowledge these characteristics may be affecting your performance and creative flow.

Dream: Kiss
Interpretation: To dream of a kiss denotes love, affection, tranquility, harmony, and contentment. In particular, if you are dreaming of your first kiss, then it may just be the anticipation of experiencing your actual first kiss. This dream is also symbolic of young love and fresh romance. Perhaps the dream is telling you that you need to inject some more romance into your waking relationship. To see others kissing in your dream suggest that you are too involved in someone else's personal lives and relationship. You need to give them some space. If the dream ends just about as you are about to kiss someone, then it indicates that you are unsure of how he or she really  feels about you. You are looking for some sort of relationship with this person but you are not sure about how to go about achieving it. If you are heterosexual and you dream that you are kissing someone of the same sex, then it represents self-acceptance. You are acknowledging the feminine or masculine side. To dream that you are kissing yourself also represents self-acceptance, as well as self-love. You need to accept and love who you are, even your flaws or shortcomings.

Dream: Water
Bending
Interpretation: To dream that you can bend water represents your ability to control your emotions. You can hide your feelings well.

Dream: Fainting
Interpretation: To dream that you are fainting suggests your inability to confront some subconscious issues or feelings. You need to be more aware and acknowledge those feelings.

Dream: Ultraviolet
Light
Interpretation: To see something under ultraviolet light or black light in your dream means that you are not seeing things that are happening around you. You are turning a blind eye and refusing to see the truth. Alternatively, dreaming of ultraviolet light represents your intuition.

Dream: School
Bus
Interpretation: To see or ride a school bus in your dream suggests that you are about to venture on an important life journey needed for your own personal growth.

Dream: Abuse
Interpretation: To dream you are abusing someone suggests that your past actions will come back to haunt you. You may be expressing some regret or remorse over your actions.

Dream: Tarot
Cards
Interpretation: To dream of a tarot reading indicates your current situation and state of mind. You are open to exploring your subconscious thoughts and feelings. Pay attention to what the Tarot Cards reveal. Consider the following general meanings of the four Tarot suits: The Wands represent fire, inspiration, spirituality, action, initiative, and the Psyche. The suit of the Swords signify air, determination, strength, faith, and conquering of fear. The Cups symbolize water, emotions, purity, and your outlook toward life and the future. The Pentacles denote finances, social influence, worldly knowledge, and your connection with nature and earth.

Dream: Backstage
Interpretation: To dream that you are backstage symbolizes opportunities and access. You need to make sure to take advantage of this limited time opportunity. Alternatively, the dream indicates that there are aspects of yourself that you are reluctant to express or show.  Or it may also mean that you need to look at some situation or problem from a new perspective.

Dream: M&M
Interpretation: To see or eat M&M's in your dream symbolizes life's small, but sweet rewards. More directly, M&M may represent the initials of two people in your waking life.

Dream: Gathering
Interpretation: To see a gathering in your dream indicates that you are trying to merge various aspects of your character and personality. Perhaps you wish to incorporate the qualities of others into yourself. Consider how well you know these people for additional hints. The dream may also be a pun on "gather" or "get something together", i.e. evidence, information or just stuff.

Dream: Harry
Potter
Interpretation: To see Harry Potter in your dream indicates that you have the potential to accomplish amazing things in the face of insurmountable hardships. Harry Potter reflects a more modern, atypical version of a movie hero with glasses and a quiet yet immensely strong personality.

Dream: Sauna
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a sauna suggests that you need to be more open and receptive to others' opinions and ideas. Perhaps you need to rid yourself of the negativities in your life.  Alternatively, a sauna relates to eroticism and your sexual desires.

Dream: Paper
Interpretation: To see blank white paper in your dream signifies your desire to make a fresh start in your life. You need to express yourself through writing or art. Alternatively, blank paper indicates that you need to work on being  more communicative.

Dream: Rare
Interpretation: To dream that something is rare indicates that you need to appreciate certain things. Consider the symbolism or significance of the rare object or event. Don't take things for granted.

Dream: Tennis
Interpretation: To dream that you are playing tennis represents changes or challenges in your life. You need to actively assert yourself and prove yourself time and time again. Alternatively, playing or watching tennis indicates that you are unable to commit to a situation or decision. You are literally going back and forth between two choices. Perhaps the dream is trying to tell you that "the ball is in your court." It is your turn to make the next move. meanings by DreamMoods.com

Dream: Sale
Interpretation: To dream that something is on sale represents opportunities that are readily available to you. Alternatively, it indicates that you are underestimating yourself in some area.

Dream: Georgia
Interpretation: To dream that you are in the state of Georgia suggests that you are longing for the comfort of home or of more familiar surroundings.

Dream: Racism
Interpretation: To experience racism in your dream indicates that you may be too judgmental and discriminatory in some situation in your waking life. Perhaps you have falsely pre-judged someone because of the way he or she appeared.

Dream: Harass
Interpretation: To dream that you are being harassed indicates that you are feeling powerless and helpless in some waking situation. You are under tremendous emotional stress which you need to confront. Consider the significance of who is harassing you and how you felt.

Dream: Kookaburra
Interpretation: To see a kookaburra in your dream means that you are not taking things seriously enough.

Dream: Defend
Interpretation: To dream that you are defending yourself suggests an underlying hurt. It may parallel a waking life situation where you are being put on the defensive.

Dream: affy
Interpretation: To see or eat taffy in your dream implies that you are enjoying the rewards of your hard work.

Dream: Vibrator
Interpretation: To see or use a vibrator in your dream signifies your desires to awaken your sexuality.

Dream: Pager
Interpretation: To see a pager in your dream suggests that someone is trying hard to communicate their thoughts to you. Someone is trying to get through to you one way or another. On the other hand, you may feel that someone is pushing their beliefs and ideas onto you.

Dream: Marina
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a marina means emotional stability and calmness. You are finally at peace in a relationship that had been strained or giving you stress.

Dream: Deep
Interpretation: To dream of something deep or a place of great depth represents things that you are avoiding or feelings that you are suppressing. Alternatively, the dream implies that there is more to something or someone that what you see on the surface.

Dream: Deception
Interpretation: To dream that you are deceiving someone suggests that you are lying to yourself that everything is okay when in reality it is not. You are trying to cover up some mistake or some lie. The deceit is manifesting itself into your dream and eating away at your conscious.

Dream: Saliva
Interpretation: To see saliva in your dream symbolizes sexual and sensual appetites. You are harvesting some creative energy.

Dream: Wanted
Interpretation: *Please See Fugitive .

Dream: Satellite
Dish
Interpretation: To see a satellite dish in your dream represents global awareness and your understanding about worldly issues.

Dream: Jack
Frost
Interpretation: To see Jack Frost in your dream represents someone who is cold or distant.  It may also refer to someone who can't take criticism. You don't know how to relate to this person. Alternatively, Jack Frost is symbolic of winter time and the memories that that time of the year brings.

Dream: Mahogany
Interpretation: To dream of mahogany wood refers to your stubbornness.

Dream: Illness
Interpretation: To dream that you have an illness denotes despair, unpleasant changes, or some emotional breakdown. The illness may be symbolic of your inability to cope with a situation. You see that being ill is an easy way out. On a more direct note, this dream may signal you to pay closer attention to your health especially to the areas of body revealed in the dream.

Dream: Electric
Guitar
Interpretation: To see or play an electric guitar in your dream signifies the power and strength of your passions. You clearly express your feelings to others. Alternatively, it is symbolic of youth and rebellion.

Dream: Cashmere
Interpretation: To feel or wear cashmere in your dream symbolizes luxury. You strive for the finer things in life. Alternatively, dreaming of cashmere suggests that you are looking for warmth and comfort in your relationships.

Dream: Underwater
Interpretation: To dream that you are underwater suggests that you are being overcome with emotions and are in over your head regarding some situation. You need to gain greater control of your life.

Dream: Race
Car
Interpretation: To see a race car in your dream symbolizes your hard driving and headstrong attitudes. It may also reflect your competitive nature and the need to win. Alternatively, the race may be a pun for your issues with "race" and ethnicity.

Dream: Debutante
Ball
Interpretation: To attend a debutante ball in your dream represents a celebration of life. You are welcoming new experiences, changes and challenges.

Dream: Wate
Interpretation: To see or drink from a watering hole means that you have your emotions in check. You are in control of your feelings and are supported by those around you.

Dream: Emoticon
Interpretation: To see emoticons in your dream represents your range of emotions. You are feeling emotionally overwhelmed. Alternatively, dreaming of emoticons suggests that your feelings are being trivialized or that someone is discounting how you feel.

Dream: Racetrack
Interpretation: To see a racetrack in your dream represents life in the fast lane for you. The tracks may be a metaphor for your quest to get ahead in life. Alternatively, the dream means that you are going in circles. Or that you have a set path of thinking and doing things and are unwilling to deviate from it.

Dream: Hamlet
Interpretation: To see Hamlet in your dream refers to your indecisiveness. You need to make a choice and take action.

Dream: Hanger
Interpretation: To see a hanger in your dream suggests that you are getting the hang of some situation or some task.  Or it may mean that you are just hanging in there. You need more motivation and encouragement.

Dream: King
Interpretation: To see a king in your dream indicates that success and prestige are within reach. You will rise above your problems and adversities. The king is symbolic of power and control. Alternatively, the king symbolizes your father or some father figure. You are looking for support.

Dream: Cash
Register
Interpretation: To see a cash register in your dream represents financial worries and concerns. You are assessing your financial situation. On the other hand, you may be expecting monetary gains.

Dream: Elderly
Interpretation: To see an elderly person in your dream represents wisdom or spiritual power. Pay attention to the message or advice that the elderly person is conveying to you. He or she can help provide life answers and solutions to your problems and try to guide you toward the right direction.

Dream: Face
Interpretation: To see your own face in your dream represents the persona you show to the world as oppose to the real you. It may refer to how you confront problems and deal with issues in your life.

Dream: Las
Interpretation: To see or eat lasagna in your dream symbolizes warmth and comfort. Alternatively, it denotes the layers of your emotions.

Dream: Gang
Interpretation: To dream that you are a gang member signifies your need to achieve and accomplish things through force and intimidation. The dream draws attention to the primitive, unruly aspect of yourself.

Dream: Kraken
Interpretation: To see the Kraken in your dream indicates that all that anger you have suppressed is coming to the surface in a violent way. You are emotionally overwhelmed.

Dream: Veterinarian
Interpretation: To see a veterinarian in your dream indicates that you need to tame your instinctive behavior and subconscious self so that it is more socially acceptable.

Dream: Damn
Interpretation: To dream that you are being damned indicates that you need to use caution in a new situation. You are also overly concerned with what others think of you. Alternatively, if someone damns you in your dream, then it means that you need to be more thick skinned and not let others get to you so easily.

Dream: Rectangle
Interpretation: To see a rectangle in your dream represents permanence, materialism and stability. Because of its four corners and four sides, it is also symbolic of the number 4.

Dream: Kiosk
Interpretation: To see a kiosk in your dream signifies your openness and receptiveness toward some relationship. Alternatively, a kiosk suggests that you are looking for advice and for some direction in your life.

Dream: Seashells
Interpretation: To see seashells in your dream represent security and protection. You are not showing your true self or real feelings. In  protecting yourself from getting hurt, you are also becoming reclusive and emotionally closed off.

Dream: Screwdriver
Interpretation: To see a screwdriver in your dream indicates the need to hold some situation or relationship together.  Consider also if  there someone in your life who is "all screwed up" or whom you would like to "put the screws on"?

Dream: Vlogging
Interpretation: To dream that you are vlogging indicates that you are looking for an outlet to express your personal thoughts and experiences. You need someone to talk to about your problems. Alternatively, dreaming that you are vlogging refers to the frustration of having a one-sided conversation. You feel you are talking to yourself.

Dream: Far
Interpretation: To see something or someone far away in your dream suggests that you are feeling emotionally distant from that person or what that something means to you. Perhaps you are feeling alone or that you are the odd person out. Alternatively, it represents something that is unattainable or something that you failed to achieve.

Dream: Reenactment
Interpretation: To dream of a reenactment signifies a memory, especially if it is a painful or difficult memory. Your subconscious is trying to protect you by creating a level of separation from a direct memory.

Dream: Voldemort
Interpretation: To see Voldemort in your dream symbolizes an ever-present evil force working against you.

Dream: Scantron
Interpretation: To       see a scantron in your dream represents the choices that you are making in       some area of your life. You feel you are being limited by the choices       presented to you. Alternatively, dream of a scantron implies that you are       stressed or preoccupied about a test.

Dream: Voodoo
Interpretation: To dream that you are practicing voodoo suggests that you are subconsciously trying to ward off some surrounding negative energy.

Dream: Rash
Interpretation: To dream that you have a rash indicates repressed anger, frustrations and annoyances. You may be holding in your anger and frustrations, instead of expressing it. Alternatively, the dream suggests that others are trying to put doubt in your head about some decision or choice that you are making. It may be a pun on a "rash" decision that you are making. You need to think twice before going through with your choice.

Dream: Tent
Pegging
Interpretation: To dream that you are tent pegging represents the small accomplishments you make along the way toward a bigger goal. Alternatively the dream is analogous to your sexual conquests.

Dream: Water
Interpretation: To watch or play water polo in your dream represents your ability to immerse yourself in your emotions while navigating effectively toward your goals. You are able to separate your objectivity and feelings.

Dream: Karaoke
Interpretation: To dream that you are taking part in karaoke suggests that you are too overly confident in your abilities. Alternatively, you may not be utilizing your talents to its fullest potential.

Dream: Wedding
Interpretation: To see or attend a wedding in your dream symbolizes a new beginning or transition in your current life. A wedding reflects your issues about commitment and independence. Alternatively, your wedding dream refers to feelings of bitterness, sorrow, or death. Such dreams are often negative and highlight some anxiety or fear. If you dream that the wedding goes wrong or ends in disaster, then it suggests that you need to address some negativity immediately.

Dream: Nativity
Interpretation: To see the nativity in your dream indicates that you have made a startling new discovery about yourself and your capabilities. It also points to the importance of spiritual enlightenment and inner strength as opposed to material richness.

Dream: Gift
Card
Interpretation: To see a gift card in your dream means that there is something you didn't realize you needed or that there is something missing from your life. Ask yourself which store the gift card is for and how it relates to something you may be lacking.

Dream: Tears
Interpretation: To dream that you are in tears signify that you are undergoing a period of healing in your life. The tears symbolize compassion, emotional healing and spiritual cleansing. Alternatively, tears indicate pain.

Dream: Late
Interpretation: To dream that you are late signifies your fear of change and your ambivalence about seizing an opportunity. You may feel unready, unworthy, or unsupported in your current circumstances. Additionally, you may be overwhelmed or conflicted with decisions about your future. Time is running out and you no longer have time to accomplish all the things you want. Alternatively, being late in your dream could be telling you that it is better late than never.

Dream: Mascot
Interpretation: To see a mascot in your dream refers to an aspect of your personality that you want to work. If the mascot is a bird, then it implies that you desire to be more open minded and/or free. If the mascot is a dog, then you want to work on your social skills.

Dream: Caramel
Interpretation: To eat or lick caramel in your dream indicates a sweet and satisfying situation will eventually turn into "sticky" problem. If it sounds too good to be true, then it is really too good to be true.

Dream: Feces
Interpretation: To see or come in contact with feces signifies aspects of yourself that are dirty and negative and which you believe to be undesirable and repulsive. You need to acknowledge and express these feelings, even though it may be shameful. Release the negativity in your life. Alternatively, it may also refer to someone who is anal retentive.

Dream: Water
Purifier
Interpretation: To see a water purifier in your dream means that you need to express your emotions more effectively and clearly.

Dream: Race
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a race represents your competitive spirit and how you tend to measure yourself against others. Alternatively, this dream may mean that you need to slow down and take a different course in life.

Dream: Sauce
Interpretation: To see or taste some sort of sauce in your dream represents your sense of wisdom and intellect. Consider the color and flavor of the sauce for additional significance.

Dream: Jitterbug
Interpretation: To dance the jitterbug in your dream refers to your positive, upbeat and enthusiastic attitude. Perhaps you need to let loose and relax. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor that you are nervous or anxious about something.

Dream: Weta
Interpretation: To see a weta in your dream signifies your fear of the unknown. Sometimes what you don't know is a source of anxiety and stress. You are worrying too much about minor issues.  Alternatively, dreaming of a weta represents your roots.

Dream: UFO
Interpretation: To see an UFO in your dream signifies your desires to find your spiritual purpose in life. Alternatively, it indicates that you are feeling alienated from those around you. The dream may also be a metaphor that you are acting "spacey" or "spaced out". You need to be more grounded and come back to reality.

Dream: Feet
Interpretation: To see your own feet in your dream symbolizes your foundation, stability and sense of understanding. It signifies your need to be more practical and sensible. Keep both feet on the ground. Alternatively, feet represents mobility, independence and freedom. Perhaps you have taken a step in the right direction and are contemplating your goals or your next step.  The sole of the foot may be a pun of being or feeling like the "sole" or only support of some person or situation. Consider also the idiom of "putting your foot in your mouth".

Dream: Seasick
Interpretation: To dream that you are seasick represents emotions that are dragging you and weighing you down. You need to get rid of these feelings.

Dream: Scaffolding
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are on a scaffolding represents a temporary condition in your life. You are looking for support to help you reach your goals or elevate yourself to a new level.

Dream: Hearse
Interpretation: To see a hearse in your dream indicates that you are moving into a new phase. You need to carry away and let go of some unfinished issues. Start taking action and making the necessary changes that will carry you into a new transitional level.

Dream: Safety
Pin
Interpretation: To see a safety pin in your dream indicates that a situation is on the verge of falling apart causing anxiety or fear. You feel that the livelihood of the relationship depends on you.

Dream: Knocking
Interpretation: To hear knocking in your dreams suggests that your subconscious is trying to attract your attention to some aspect of yourself or to some waking situation. A new opportunity may be presented to you. Alternatively, the dream may be a pun that you are "knocking" on or insulting something or someone. Or perhaps there is a habit or behavior that you to stop or "knock it off".

Dream: Villain
Interpretation: To see a villain in your dream symbolizes the negative aspects of your own self that you are ashamed about or not proud of.

Dream: Jaw
Interpretation: To see the jaws of an animal in your dream indicate a misunderstanding. It may also mean that you are rushing into things. Alternatively, the dream suggests that someone or some situation is taking a large bite of your time, energy or some aspect of yourself.

Dream: Genitals
Interpretation: To dream of your genitals represent your feelings toward sex and sexuality and your attitudes toward femininity and masculinity. It also relates to issues of commitment and pleasure.

Dream: Razor
Blade
Interpretation: To see or use a razor blade in your dream symbolizes precision and accuracy in what you do.

Dream: Recipe
Interpretation: To dream of a recipe symbolizes your creativity, talents and enjoyment of life. You need to take advantage of life's pleasures. Consider what the recipe is for. Desserts suggest that you need to indulge in life and devote some time to leisure. A recipe for preparing meat represents your desires for physical/emotional satisfaction.

Dream: Hamster
Wheel
Interpretation: To see a hamster wheel in your dream implies that your efforts are too insignificant to make a difference. You are going in circles. Or perhaps you feel someone is giving you the runaround.

Dream: Joker
Interpretation: To see the joker card in your dream indicates endless possibilities. You can be anything you want if you set your mind to it.

Dream: Junkyard
Interpretation: To dream that you in a junkyard represents fear, frustration, and anger which you have repressed and kept inside.  It may also symbolizes your discarded attitudes, old habits, and former beliefs.

Dream: Fasting
Interpretation: To dream that you are fasting represents self-renewal and self-cleansing. Fasting may also be way to draw attention to some consciousness or problem. Are you trying to punish yourself? Are you feeling guilty about something?

Dream: Waterslide
Interpretation: To dream that you are on or see a waterslide suggests that you  are being carried away by your emotions. You are being engulfed by your subconscious. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you are going with the flow of things without any objection or resistance.

Dream: Tea
Bag
Interpretation: To see a tea bag in your dream suggests that you need for more calmness in your life. Take a rest! If the tea bag is in use, then refer to the interpretation for tea.

Dream: Mall
Interpretation: To dream that you are at the mall symbolizes the choices, decisions and options you have in your waking life. These choices will help shape who you are as a person. You are trying to establish your identity and sense of self. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you are trying to make a favorable impression on someone. The mall is also symbolic of materialism and the need to keep up with the trends, fads, and/or the latest technology. Consider the type and name of stores that you see in your dreams.

Dream: Jack
Interpretation: To see or use a jack in your dream suggests that you are looking for balance in your life. The dream may also symbolize a person who is named "Jack" in your life.

Dream: Narcosis
Interpretation: To dream that you are under narcosis is an indication that you are trying to suppress your emotions instead of confronting them. You may be trying desperately to avoid a problem or situation in your waking life. Or you may be trying to refuse to take responsibility for your actions.

Dream: Red
Giant
Interpretation: To dream of a Red Giant implies that the end is near in your career or relationship.

Dream: Yearn
Interpretation: To dream that you are yearning for something or someone indicates that there is a void that is lacking in your waking life. You are suppressing some old habit or denying yourself of something.  What are you yearning for in your dream? You need to fulfill this void.

Dream: Walrus
Interpretation: To see a walrus in your dream represents your display of dominance in some situation or relationship. You are always on the lookout for anybody who is trying to out-maneuver, out-rank, or out-wit you. Alternatively, the walrus represents your protective shell and  thick-skin. You do not let the comments/criticism of others get to you.

Dream: Virgin
Mary
Interpretation: To see the Virgin Mary in your dream signifies selfless love, compassion, spiritual harmony and ideal motherhood. Alternatively, the Virgin Mary represents a repressed fear of sex and difficulties in personal relationships.

Dream: Ramp
Interpretation: To dream that you are going up a ramp signifies your struggles in achieving a goal.  It is symbolic of your determination and ambition. If you fail to go up a ramp, then it suggests that you are not able to overcome your difficulties. There are still obstacles standing on your way.

Dream: Unemployed
Interpretation: To dream that you are unemployed represents your lack of self-worth or lack of inspiration. The dream may highlight feelings of insecurity or inadequacy. You feel that you are not good enough. Alternatively, the dream means that you are not utilizing your fullest potential. As a result, you are going nowhere in life.

Dream: Sad
Interpretation: To dream that you are sad suggests that you need to learn from your disappointments and just be happy. Try not to dwell on the negative. The dream may be a reflection of how you are feeling in your waking life.

Dream: Umbrella
Interpretation: To see an umbrella in your dream symbolizes emotional security. You are putting up a shield against your emotions and are trying to avoid dealing with them. If the umbrella is leaking or broken, then it indicates that you are unprepared with facing your problems.

Dream: Pajamas
Interpretation: To see or wear pajamas in your dream suggests that you need to relax and get some rest. In particular, if you dream that you are wearing pajamas in public, then it means that you are unaware of something important that may be right in front of you. You are drifting through life without fully paying attention to what is going on around you.

Dream: Zip
Line
Interpretation: To dream that you are zip lining implies that you need to get a new perspective of some situation. The dream may literally mean an "overview". If you are going too fast, then the dream is telling you that you are letting life pass you by. If you are stuck on a zip line, then it implies that you need to examine a situation more carefully.

Dream: Parakeets
Interpretation: To see a parakeet in your dream indicates that you lack initiative and new idea. You need to be more unconventional and spontaneous. The dream also relates to dependency and immaturity.

Dream: Caliper
Interpretation: To see or use a caliper in your dream reflects your concerns about not measuring up to the standards or expectations of others. Alternatively, dreaming of a caliper means that you need to be careful in making a decision or judgment.

Dream: Gala
Interpretation: To dream that you are attending a gala symbolizes your celebration of life. You are in a good place and are embracing what life has to offer.

Dream: Sculpture
Interpretation: To see a sculpture in your dream indicates that you are refusing to accept things as they really are. You are afraid that you are not presenting yourself in a positive light or image.

Dream: Department
Store
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a department store suggests that you are trying to fulfill your needs and desires. Consider the significance of what you are shopping for and how you may be lacking that item in your life.

Dream: Nervous
Breakdown
Interpretation: To dream that you or someone has a nervous breakdown suggests that you have lost your frame of reference in a relationship or situation. You are seeking more clarity and insight.  The dream also indicates that you are having difficulties trusting your own judgment and decisions. You are feeling insecure.

Dream: Backseat
Interpretation: To dream that you are sitting in the backseat of a car suggests that you are no longer in control of your life.  You may be feeling overpowered, dominated and being told what to do. You need to start taking back control of your life.

Dream: Omen
Interpretation: To dream about an omen reflects your concerns, fears and/or anxieties about the future. You are worried about some outcome in your waking life and want to control what is happening around you.

Dream: Earthquake
Interpretation: To dream of an earthquake suggests that you are experiencing a major "shake-up" that is threatening your stability and foundation.  The dream highlights your insecurity, fears and sense of helplessness. Is there something in your life that you feel at "fault" for?

Dream: Saloon
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a saloon indicates that you are trying to escape from life's stresses. You are looking for a place to relax. Alternatively, being in a saloon means that there is a conflict that you are looking to settle immediately.

Dream: Unknown
Interpretation: To see an unknown person in your dream signifies a part of yourself that is repressed and hidden. Alternatively, it symbolizes the archetypal dream helper who is trying to offer some insight and advice.

Dream: Uncle
Interpretation: To see your uncle in your dream represents some aspect of your family heritage and trait. It also symbolizes new ideas and emerging awareness. Consider the idiom "say uncle" to mean surrender or admit defeat.

Dream: Water
Interpretation: To see water in your dream symbolizes your subconscious and your emotional state of mind. Water is the living essence of the psyche and the flow of life energy. It is also symbolic of spirituality, knowledge, healing and refreshment. To dream that water is boiling suggests that you are expressing some emotional turmoil. Feelings from your subconscious are surfacing and ready to be acknowledged. You need to let out some steam.

Dream: Tattoo
Interpretation: To dream that you have tattoos represent your sense of individuality and the desire to stand out in a crowd. You want to be unique and different from everybody else, particularly if you do not have any tattoos in real life. Consider also what the tattoo is and what significance it has in your life. It may represent something that has left a lasting impression on you. Alternatively, to dream that you have a tattoo suggests that a waking s ituation or decision is having a much longer lasting effect that you had expected.

Dream: Cancel
Interpretation: To dream that you are canceling an appointment or plans suggests that you are afraid to confront some matter. You don't want to face the facts.

Dream: Pandora's
Box
Interpretation: To dream of a Pandora's box indicates hope. You will soon experience a turn for the better. Alternatively, it symbolizes your curiosity, your subconscious thoughts and your need to express them.

Dream: Fictional
Character
Interpretation: To see a fictional character in your dream implies that you are trying to escape from your own reality. Consider the qualities of the fictional character and how you may need to incorporate or acknowledge those qualities within yourself. Alternatively, the fictional character may be an archetypal symbol depending on the character.

Dream: Paparazzi
Interpretation: To dream that you are being chased or stalked by the paparazzi indicates that your privacy is being violated. You feel that your own identity is lost. Alternatively, the dream represents your aspirations for fame.

Dream: Scorpion
Interpretation: To see or be stung by a scorpion in your dream represents a situation in your waking life which may be painful or hurtful. It is also indicative of destructive feelings, "stinging" remarks, bitter words and/or negative thoughts being expressed by or aimed against you. You may be on a self-destructive and self-defeating path. The scorpion is also a symbol of death and rebirth. You need to get rid of the old and make room for something new. Alternatively, the scorpion represents a person who is born under the astrological sign for Scorpio.

Dream: Magic
Mirror
Interpretation: To dream of a magic mirror suggests that you are putting too much emphasis on outward appearances. Alternatively, the dream may also mean that you are looking for reassurance or reaffirmation from others.

Dream: Paintball
Interpretation: To dream that you are playing paintball represents your competitive, but fun side. You have a chance to accomplish something great in an area of your life. However, you need to proceed carefully to avoid being ambushed or blindsided, especially by malicious coworkers, friends or enemies. If you are hit by a paintball, then it symbolizes a minor setback. Also consider the color of the paint for clues on your emotions.

Dream: Van
Interpretation: To see or drive a van in your dream symbolizes convenience and/or practicality. Consider the load that you are carrying and what you can handle. Don't stress yourself out.

Dream: Fade
Interpretation: To dream that a color is faded indicates a lack of motivation or inspiration.

Dream: Kick
Interpretation: To dream that you are kicking someone represents suppressed aggression that you are unable to express in your waking life.

Dream: ller
Interpretation: To see a killer in your dream suggests that an essential aspect of your emotions have been cut off. You feel that you are losing your identity and your individuality. Alternatively, this dream may represent purification and the healing process. You are standing up for yourself and putting a dramatic end to something.

Dream: Velociraptor
Interpretation: To see a velociraptor in your dream suggests that you are dwelling in the past. You let an opportunity pass you by because you did not react fast enough.

Dream: Fangs
Interpretation: To see fangs in your dream indicate that you have said some words that have been hurtful to others.

Dream: Abortion
Interpretation: To dream that you have an abortion suggests that you are hindering and blocking your own growth. You may be hesitant in pursuing a new direction in your life due to fear, pressure, personal conflict or moral obligation. The dream may also be a reflection of your own real-life abortion and thus serves as  a way of healing from the trauma and working towards self-acceptance. Alternatively, this dream may also be a message for you to take care and look after your health.

Dream: Reflection
Interpretation: To see your reflection in your dream represents your true self; it is time to look within. The reflection may highlight both your flaws and positive attributes. Learn from your flaws and how to improve them. At the same time, appreciate your good qualities.  Alternatively, your reflection indicates how you want others to perceive you.

Dream: Village
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a village represents restrictions. You need to follow the rules. Alternatively, a village signifies community, simplicity, and tradition.

Dream: Railing
Interpretation: To dream that you are holding on to a railing suggests that you are desperately holding out for a chance to obtain the object of you affection. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you are in need of some support and assistance. Don't be afraid to ask for help.

Dream: Team
Interpretation: To dream that you are part of a team indicates the importance of working together. The dream may be a metaphor that you have your life in order.  If you are unhappy in the team, then it suggests that you are having issues in some area of your waking relationship. You may not be getting along with some work colleague or family member.

Dream: Package
Interpretation: To see a package in your dream represents hidden creative energy, skills, and/or feelings. If you receive a package, then it indicates that you are acknowledging certain feelings or acquiring new resources. If you are giving or sending a package, then it suggests that you are projecting your feelings onto another instead of dealing with them.

Dream: Tapping
Interpretation: To dream that you are tapping your fingers or your toes indicates idleness. You may have lost your direction or lost sight of your goals. Alternatively, to tap your fingers or toes in your dream points to some nervous energy. There is a problem that you cannot solve or a decision that is weighing on your mind.

Dream: Scepter
Interpretation: To see a scepter in your dream represents individual power. One person can make a difference.

Dream: Cane
Interpretation: To see or use a cane in your dream suggests that you are in need of some support and advice. The cane may also represent someone you trust and can rely on.

Dream: Tarantula
Interpretation: To see a tarantula in your dream represents your dark and sinister side. A tarantula is also symbolic of a woman figure in your life.

Dream: Paper
Plates
Interpretation: To see or use a paper plate in your dream represents temporary nourishment or rewards. You need to take advantage of an opportunity before it is gone forever.

Dream: Knapsack
Interpretation: To see or carry a knapsack in your dream represents your hopes, desires, and secrets. It may also be symbolic of the knowledge you have acquired over the years. Alternatively, a knapsack signifies the emotional baggage and responsibilities that you are carrying around and weighing you down.

Dream: Nanny
Interpretation: To see or dream that you have a nanny implies that you are feeling overwhelmed. You feel that certain aspects of yourself are being neglected.

Dream: Ball
Interpretation: To see or play with a ball in your dream symbolizes completeness and wholeness. It may also indicate that you need to be more in tune with the inner child within. The dream may also be a metaphor for the testicles. Consider also the phrase, "he's got balls" to indicate guts and strength.

Dream: Bachelor
Interpretation: To meet a bachelor in your dream suggests that you are seeking freedom in your love life.  For a man to dream that he is a bachelor indicates that he is having difficulty with gaining his own sense of self or freedom in a relationship. Alternatively, the bachelor represents your masculine side.

Dream: Emu
Interpretation: To see an emu in your dream implies that you are emotionally resilient. You are also observant. Alternatively, the dream may be telling you that you are being overbearing.

Dream: Dandruff
Interpretation: To dream that you have dandruff indicates that you are misusing your energy. You may have been under a lot of stress and tension. You should rethink the way you are approaching any of your current problems. Alternatively, this dream may suggest a lack of self-esteem.

Dream: Baby
Interpretation: To see a baby in your dream signifies innocence, warmth and new beginnings. Babies symbolize something in your own inner nature that is pure, vulnerable, helpless and/or uncorrupted. If you dream that the baby is smiling at you, then it suggests that you are experiencing pure joy. You do not ask for much to make you happy. If you find a baby in your dream, then it suggests that you have acknowledged your hidden potential. If you dream that you forgot you had a baby, then it suggests that you are trying hide your own vulnerabilities; you do not want to let others know of your weaknesses. Alternatively, forgetting about a baby represents an aspect of yourself that you have abandoned or put aside due to life's changing circumstances. The dream may serve as a reminder that it is time for you to pick up that old interest, hobby, or project again. Dreaming of holding a baby is analogous to holding onto an earlier part of your life where you felt more depended on and more needed.

Dream: Vault
Interpretation: To see a vault in your dream symbolizes the subconscious, your personal resources and hidden potential. The dream may be telling you that you need to start using your inner reserves, skills and underutilized energies, instead of keeping them locked and stored away.

Dream: Feather
Interpretation: To dream of a feather floating in the air signifies a life of ease, comfort, warmth and of financial gains. It may describe your lightheartedness and enjoyment for life. Alternatively, a feather may represent confusion, hastiness, and loss of dignity.

Dream: Markers
Interpretation: To see or use markers in you dream represent your creativity. Perhaps you need to introduce some liveliness in your life. Consider the significance of the marker color. Alternatively, the dream may be telling you that there is something you need to "mark" down or remember.

Dream: Unwrap
Interpretation: To unwrap a gift in your dream means that you are recognizing your unused potential and talents. You are ready to use the hidden abilities you have locked up inside you.

Dream: Julius
Caesar
Interpretation: To see Julius Caesar in your dream points to your own drive and leadership abilities. Perhaps your ego is getting to big and you need to show more humility.

Dream: Handshake
Interpretation: To dream that you are shaking hands with someone symbolizes either a new beginning or an ending to a situation.  You have reached an agreement or a decision to a problem.  The dream may also mean that you are welcoming something new into your life. In particular, if you are shaking hands with someone famous or someone important, then it suggests that you are well regarded by others.

Dream: Labor
Interpretation: To dream that you are laboring suggests that your goals will take a lot of hard work to accomplish.

Dream: Sausage
Interpretation: To see or eat sausage in your dream symbolizes material values. It may also represent the phallus and thus refers to sexual feelings or tension.

Dream: hakis
Interpretation: To wear khakis in your dream suggest that there is something that you are not seeing clearly on. Or that something may not be what it seems. Alternatively, the dream refers to your desires to conform and fit in.

Dream: Party
Interpretation: To dream that you are at a party suggests that you need to get out more and enjoy yourself. If the party is a bad one, then it indicates that you are unsure of your social skills. If you dream that you are at your own birthday party, then it represents appreciation for the life you have.

Dream: Nail
Interpretation: To hammer nails in your dream represent your tenacity, persistence and ability to drive a hard bargain. Also consider the pun, "getting nailed" which refers to a sexual innuendo or which means getting caught with something. Alternatively, the dream may also point to another popular phrase "hitting the nail on the head", which suggests that you have fully resolved a situation.

Dream: Date
Interpretation: To dream that you are on a date represents your need for self-discovery and self-awareness. You are getting to know some hidden aspects of yourself and acknowledging your hidden talents. Alternatively, it may reflect your anxieties about dating or finding acceptance. The dream may also be a "rehearsal" for an actual date you have. It serves to overcome anxieties you may have.

Dream: Barbed
Wire
Interpretation: To see barbed wire in your dream represents difficulty in breaking through or getting your point across to someone.

Dream: Making
Out
Interpretation: To dream that you are making out with someone suggests that you have an subconscious desire to pursue a relationship, but fear that it will jeopardize the friendship. If you don't like this person in this way, then the dream suggests that you need to acknowledge and incorporate aspects of this person into your own character. Consider specific traits that this person possess.

Dream: Safe
Haven
Interpretation: To dream of a safe haven place indicates that you have a positive outlook in life. No matter how bleak circumstances may currently be, you know deep inside that things will work itself out. Hang in there. Alternatively, the dream implies that you are trying to escape from reality. You do not want to think about your current issues.

Dream: Dalai
Lama
Interpretation: To see the Dalai Lama in your dream represents spiritual enlightenment. There is some important message or advice that you need to take from such a dream.  Alternatively, dreaming of the Dalai Lama may be telling you not to focus on material wants and gains. You need to free yourself from your possessions.

Dream: Weeping
Interpretation: To dream that you are weeping indicates some deep sadness in your waking life. You are suppressing your sad feelings and they are now manifesting in your dream. Bottling up these feelings are not always healthy.

Dream: Negatives
Interpretation: To see picture negatives in your dream represent a relationship or situation that is developing. The dream may be a pun on some "negative" person or force in your life. Consider also what is being depicted in the negative.

Dream: Barcode
Interpretation: To see a barcode in your dream symbolizes automation, simplification and ease. Alternatively, the dream represents an impersonal relationship in your waking  life. You are feeling alienated.

Dream: Accomplice
Interpretation: To dream that you are an accomplice to a crime suggests that someone in your waking life is having a negative influence on you. You may be experiencing feelings of guilt with something that you have done.

Dream: Demons
Interpretation: To see demons in your dream indicates that you may be experiencing or inflicting fear, emotional distress or physical abuse in your waking life. Demons are also symbolic of ignorance, negative habits, and of your shadow self. Perhaps you are being overindulgent and letting some negativity give way to your better judgment. Alternatively, the demons may represent a past secret that is still haunting you.

Dream: Bag
Interpretation: To see a bag in your dream represents the responsibilities that you carry. If the bag is ripped or torn, then it indicates that you are carrying a lot of burden. The symbol may be a metaphor for an "old bag" and refer to someone who is old.

Dream: Marriage
Interpretation: To dream of a marriage signifies commitment, harmony or transitions. You are undergoing an important developmental phase in your life.  The dream may also represent the unification of formerly separate or opposite aspects of yourself. In particular, it is the union of feminine or masculine aspects of yourself. Consider the qualities and characteristics of the person that you are marrying. These are the qualities that you need to look at incorporating within yourself.

Dream: Jumbotron
Interpretation: To watch something on a jumbotron in your dream points to some detail that you may be missing or overlooking. Alternatively, seeing a jumbotron indicates that you want to be part of the action or excitement.

Dream: Electricity
Interpretation: To dream of electricity symbolizes vigor and life energy. You need to be revitalized. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you need to conserve your energy.

Dream: Undead
Interpretation: To see the undead in your dream represents your fears and the rejected aspects of yourself. You are refusing to acknowledge those negative parts. If you are being chased or are surrounded by the undead, then it symbolizes unresolved issues that you are not confronting. Things that you thought or assume were put to rest is coming back to haunt you.

Dream: Fancy
Interpretation: To dream of fancy things indicates that you are putting up a facade and hiding your true self. You are trying to divert attention to unimportant things.

Dream: VCR
Interpretation: To see a VCR in your dream refers to something that needs to be documented or recorded. There may be something that you have overlooked. A VCR also refers to memories and lessons of the past and the insights that you can still gain from it. The dream may also be calling attention to the impression you leave behind and what others may think of you.

Dream: Bamboo
Interpretation: To see bamboo in your dream symbolizes trustworthiness, strength and resilience. You are able to easily bounce back from setbacks and disappointments in your life. Alternatively, it refers to strong ties/bonds and fair dealings.

Dream: Incredible
Hulk
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are the Incredible Hulk suggests that you need to better control your emotions, especially your anger. It also means that your subconscious feelings must be confronted and dealt with before it gets out of control and expresses itself in a violent manner. Alternatively, the dream implies that you need to exhibit more self-confidence.

Dream: Telephone
Charger
Interpretation: To see or use a telephone charger in your dream suggests that you are feeling drained or empty. Thus the dream may be metaphor that you need to be "recharged" and revitalized. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you are disconnected from others. Perhaps you are isolating yourself.

Dream: Tame
Interpretation: To dream that you are taming an animal symbolizes your control over your animalistic urges.  You are experiencing balance and harmony.

Dream: Tanzanite
Interpretation: To see or wear tanzanite in your dream suggests that an important message or vision will be made known to you. Alternatively, tanzanite refers to spiritual healing, fresh beginnings and new awareness. The blue color of the tanzanite represents clarity, cleansing and spirituality.

Dream: Hangman
Interpretation: To play hangman in your dream represents a message from your subconscious. Alternatively, playing hangman may be analogous to feelings of guilt.

Dream: Sea
Creature
Interpretation: To see a sea creature in your dream represents an emotional transformation. If the sea creature is captured or in captivity, then it indicates that you are keeping your emotions contained, which can be harmful to your well-being in the end.

Dream: Gasp
Interpretation: To hear a gasp in your dream means that you need to stop and pay special attention to what is occurring or what is being said in the dream. Your subconscious is trying to alert you with a special message that you are overlooking.

Dream: Tar
Interpretation: To see tar in your dream signifies your dependency on something or someone. You need to be more self-reliant. Tar is also symbolic of the subconscious and the negative aspect of the Self.

Dream: Magnolia
Tree
Interpretation: To see a magnolia tree in your dream indicates your need for attention and to be noticed. Perhaps you are overly confident in your abilities. Alternatively, the magnolia tree represents your need to feel protected and safe from life's problems.

Dream: Machine
Gun
Interpretation: To see or shoot a machine gun in you dream suggests that your anger or aggression is out of control. You need to keep your temper in check.

Dream: Zebra
Interpretation: To see a zebra in your dream represents perfect balance, unity and harmony. It also indicates that opposites attract. Alternatively, a zebra suggests that you are spending too much time in trivial matters. You need to establish a clear timeline and lay your groundwork for success.

Dream: Habit
Interpretation: To dream about an old habit or a habit that you recently quit is an expression of your subconscious desires. Your suppressed urges are making themselves known via your dreams.

Dream: Enclosure
Interpretation: To dream that you are in an enclosure indicates that you are in defensive mode. Some situation in your waking life has put you on guard. You feel the need to protect and defend yourself.

Dream: Depression
Interpretation: To feel depressed in your dream refers to your inability to make connections. You are unable to see the causes of your problems and consequences of your decisions. People who are depressed in their waking life often have dreams about being depressed.  Pay attention to what is depressing you in your dream and see how it relates to your waking life.

Dream: Painting
Interpretation: To dream that you are painting your house indicates that you will experience success in a new project. You may even be promoted to a coveted position. You may be expressing your creativity. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you are covering up something. If someone else is painting your house, then it suggests that someone close to you is hiding something from you. Also consider the color of the paint to determine any additional significance. For example, red colored paint may imply painting the town red and releasing pent up excitement.

Dream: Tartan
Interpretation: To see or wear tartan in your dream suggests that some of your conservative views are in conflict with your liberal and wild side. The tartan may also mean that you are being too unyielding about something.

Dream: King
Kong
Interpretation: To see King Kong in your dream represents an imposing obstacle which is blocking your progress. If King Kong is chasing you, then you need to confront and overcome current difficulties before you can move forward with your life. Alternatively, King Kong symbolizes some primitive impulse and raw sexual energy.

Dream: Sea
Horse
Interpretation: To see a sea horse in your dream represents the power of your subconscious. You have a new perspective or different outlook in life. If the sea horse is invisible, then it suggests that there is an emotional issue that you are not acknowledging or recognizing.

Dream: Mane
Interpretation: To notice the mane of an animal in your dream refers to some animalistic desire. Also consider the significance of the animal itself. Alternatively, the dream may be a pun on "main". Perhaps it is directing you to Main Street or that you need to be more mainstream. Or it may signify the state of Maine.

Dream: Unprepared
Interpretation: To       dream that you are unprepared for something indicates that you are       experiencing anxiety and fear over an upcoming task or event in your       waking life. Such dreams depict your lack of self confidence and       self-esteem. You are afraid that you will not meet others' expectations of       you.

Dream: Cap
And Gown
Interpretation: To wear a cap and gown in your dream indicates that you are transitioning into a higher level in your life. You are ready to move on to the next stage. To see someone in a cap and gown in your dream symbolizes your successes and accomplishments.

Dream: Panic
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a panic indicates a lack of control and power in your life. You are feeling helpless in some situation or unable to make a clear decision. Calm down.

Dream: Key
Interpretation: To see a key in your dream symbolizes opportunities, access, control, secrets, freedom, knowledge or responsibilities. You may be locking away your own inner feelings and emotions. Or you are unlocking the answer to some problem. To see a ring of keys represents status, authority, and power. It also highlights your adaptability to a situation. In particular, if you see a skeleton key, then it refers to old emotions or memories that you have stored or locked away. If the key is gold, then it suggests that influence, power and wealth will give you access to almost anything you want.

Dream: Abandonment
Interpretation: To dream that you are abandoned suggests that it is time to leave behind past feelings and characteristics that are hindering your growth. Let go of your old attitudes. A more direct and literal interpretation of this dream indicates you have a fear of being deserted, abandoned, or even betrayed. It may stem from a  recent loss or a fear of losing a loved one. The fear of abandonment may manifest itself into your dream as part of the healing process and dealing with losing a loved one. It may also stem from unresolved feelings or problems from childhood. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you are feeling neglected or that your feelings are being overlooked. Perhaps the dream is a metaphor that you need to approach life with "reckless abandon" and live more freely.

Dream: Washing
Machine
Interpretation: To see or use a washing machine in your dream suggests that you need to resolve issues of the past in order to be able to make a clean, new start for yourself.

Dream: Pancake
Interpretation: To make or eat pancakes in your dream represent gratification and pleasure in your current situation. You take pleasure and comfort in the simple things of life.

Dream: Cage
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a cage indicates that you are experiencing inhibitions and powerlessness in some areas of your life. You are feeling restricted, confined and restrained in a current relationship or business deal. Somebody may be keeping a short leash on you, where you are lacking the freedom to act independently.

Dream: Factory
Interpretation: To dream that you are at a factory represents repetitious thinking and an old way of doing things. It is symbolic of predictability and unchanging habits. Alternatively, it signifies business, productivity, energy and bustling activity. You are a person that can get things done.

Dream: Backpacking
Interpretation: To dream that you are backpacking symbolizes your self-sufficiency and survival skills. You may be reflecting on all the obstacles and adversities that you have overcame.

Dream: Upside
Down
Interpretation: To dream that you are upside down suggests that there is some situation or problem in your waking life that you need to straighten up. It may also mean that your initial assumptions were completely opposite of what you thought.

Dream: Native
Country
Interpretation: To dream about your native country means that you are recognizing your roots and where you came from. You are also reflecting on the decisions you have made along the way and what you have accomplished.

Dream: Lamppost
Interpretation: To see a lamppost in your dream indicates that light needs to be shed on some dark situation. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you are coming out of a depressing or gloomy phase.

Dream: Machete
Interpretation: To see or use a machete in your dream represents extreme hostility toward some situation or someone. It is symbolic of destruction and frustrations in your life. You are not expressing your anger in a productive way. In particular, if the machete is being used to clear through brush, then it refers to your ability to tackle problems successfully. Alternatively, the machete can be seen as a phallic symbol and thus represent masculine power.

Dream: Jester
Interpretation: To see a jester in your dream indicates that trivial matters and silly pastimes will divert your attention from more important issues. Alternatively, a jester represents embarrassment in some situation.

Dream: Campfire
Interpretation: To start or see a campfire in your dream represents sharing and companionship. You need to open yourself to others and allow others to get to know you.

Dream: Indecision
Interpretation: To dream that you are indecisive reflects your waking state of indecision. You are second guessing or over-thinking your choices. You are not sure which decision is right. Alternatively, dreams of indecision indicates that you are being pulled in opposite directions.

Dream: Pangolin
Interpretation: To see a pangolin in your dream means that you need to protect yourself from your own drive. You are moving forward too recklessly and need to think before taking action.

Dream: Infinity
Interpretation: To see the infinity symbol in your dream represents time and longevity. Alternatively, it symbolizes wealth or the number 8.

Dream: Upstairs
Interpretation: To       dream that you are upstairs of a building refers to your higher level of       understanding. It symbolizes your rational thinking and objectivity.       Alternatively, being upstairs means that you hold yourself in high       regard.

Dream: Fighting
Interpretation: To dream that you are in a fight indicates inner turmoil. Some aspect of yourself is in conflict with another aspect of yourself. Perhaps an unresolved or unacknowledged part is fighting for its right to be heard. It may also parallel a fight or struggle that you are going through in your waking life. If you are fighting to the death, then it refers to your refusal to acknowledge some waking conflict or inner turmoil. You are unwilling to change your old attitudes and habits.

Dream: Accident
Interpretation: To dream that you are in an accident signifies pent-up guilt in which you are subconsciously punishing yourself over. Perhaps you are not proud of something you have done. Alternatively, the accident may symbolize an error or mistake you have made. Accident dreams also represent your fears of being in an actual, physical accident. You may simply be nervous about getting behind the wheel. Or the dream is trying to warn you of some accident.

Dream: Headstone
Interpretation: To see a headstone in your dream represents a forgotten or buried aspect of yourself which you need to acknowledge. Consider also the message on the headstone. It may indicate a statement about your life and its condition.

Dream: Quartz
Interpretation: To see quartz in your dream represents rigidity. You have an unyielding personality. Alternatively, quartz symbolizes the union of feminine and masculine energies. It may signal wholeness.

Dream: Karate
Interpretation: To dream that you are doing karate suggests that you need to direct your energy and concentrate them toward your goals.

Dream: Hairpiece
Interpretation: To dream that you are wearing a hairpiece indicates some sort of deception. You may be giving off a false impression and passing the views of others as your own.

Dream: Earplugs
Interpretation: To dream that you are wearing or putting on earplugs suggests that there is something that you are refusing to hear or believe. Alternatively, the dream may mean that you are isolating yourself from others.

Dream: Washing
Interpretation: To dream that you are washing yourself indicates that you are proud of your social life and personal endeavors. You may even receive some recognition and prestige. Alternatively, the dream represents the cleansing away of unhappy experiences or neglected emotions in your life. You are ready to make a fresh new start.

Dream: Yogurt
Interpretation: To see or eat yogurt in your dream suggests that you need to learn to behave appropriately for the different situations and various circumstances you find yourself in.

Dream: Safari
Interpretation: To dream that you are on a safari represents freedom from societal norms and rules. You are trying to break free from the confines of civilization.

Dream: Vizier
Interpretation: To see a vizier in your dream indicates that you need to question certain authority. Do not follow blindly.

Dream: Marching
Band
Interpretation: To see or be in a marching band indicates that you are a team player and able to work in harmony for a common cause. You show great discipline.

Dream: Western
Interpretation: To dream that you are in the Wild West represents your resourcefulness and survival skills. Alternatively, the dream implies that you may be over-thinking a problem. Sometimes simplicity is the way to go. Being in the Wild West also indicates that you need to be more straightforward about your feelings, intentions or goals.

Dream: Narcoleptic
Interpretation: To dream that you are narcoleptic suggests that you are oblivious to some situation. Perhaps it is something that you are refusing to see and acknowledge.

Dream: Wall
Interpretation: To see a wall in your dream signifies limitations, obstacles and boundaries. There is a barrier obstructing your progress. Alternatively, the wall indicates that you are too accustomed to your old habits and way of thinking. You feel stuck. If you dream of blood on the walls, then it is a warning of sorts. There is a situation that you need to confront. You can not avoid it any longer.

Dream: Galaxy
Interpretation: To see the galaxy in your dream represents your creativity. It also means that you are looking at the broader picture and are more aware of your surroundings.

Dream: Panther
Interpretation: To see a panther in your dream signifies lurking danger and enemies working to do you harm. It represents darkness, death, and rebirth. On a more positive note, panthers signify power, beauty and/or grace. Consider the feel of your dream to determine which meaning applies.

Dream: Panda
Interpretation: To see a panda in your dream suggests that you are having difficulties coming to a compromise in a waking situation. You need to find a middle ground so that all parties involved will be satisfied.  Alternatively, a panda is symbolic of your own childlike qualities or something that is cuddly.

Dream: School
Interpretation: To dream that you are in school signifies feelings of inadequacy and childhood insecurities that have never been resolved. It may relate to anxieties about your performance and abilities. If you are still in school and dream about school, then the dream may just be a reflection of your daily life and has no special significance.

Dream: Elemental
Bending
Interpretation: To dream that you can bend fire refers to your ability to control your anger.

Dream: Vacuum
Interpretation: To see a vacuum in your dream refers to feelings of emptiness. You may be experiencing a void in your life. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you need to clean up your act and your attitude. It is time to rid yourself of your outdated ideas and negative habits.

Dream: Scythe
Interpretation: To see or use a scythe in your dream suggests that you need to cut out some of the excess and needless things in your life. Perhaps you need to "cut back" on spending, smoking, eating, gambling or some other habit. Alternatively, the scythe is symbolic of death or the end of something. The dream may also be a metaphor that you are feeling "cut off" or isolated.

Dream: Manatee
Interpretation: To see a manatee in your dream represents your passiveness in a situation. You are lacking ambition and drive. Alternatively, it represents someone in your life who is lazy, slow or gentle.

Dream: Scared
Interpretation: To dream that you are scared indicates that you are experiencing feelings of self-doubt, incompetence, and lack of control in your waking life. Perhaps you are having second thoughts about a decision you have made. Anger often masquerades as fear, so also consider issues about which you are angry about in your waking life.

Dream: Nature
Interpretation: To dream of nature denotes freedom, tranquility, restoration, and renewal. You are utilizing your instinctual nature.

Dream: Bar
Interpretation: To dream that you are at a public bar signifies your desire to escape from the stresses of your daily life and retreat into a light-hearted environment where pleasure abounds. Alternatively, you are seeking acceptance in some aspect of your daily life.  The dream may also be a pun on being "barred" from some place or something. You are feeling excluded or held back by circumstances beyond your control.

Dream: Man
Interpretation: To see a man in your dream denotes the aspect of yourself that is assertive, rational, aggressive, and/or competitive. Perhaps you need to incorporate these aspects into your own character. If the man is known to you, then the dream may reflect you feelings and concerns you have about him.

Dream: Pan
Interpretation: To see a pan in your dream refers to your attitude and your stance on a particular situation. It may also represent criticism and anger. If the pan is made of glass, then it means that you being conscious and aware about a particular situation. You are also opening yourself up to criticism. As a receptacle, it symbolizes the womb.

Dream: Polo
Interpretation: To watch or play water polo in your dream represents your ability to immerse yourself in your emotions while navigating effectively toward your goals. You are able to separate your objectivity and feelings.

Dream: Telephone
Booth
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are inside a telephone booth refers to a message or advice that comes with a price. It may also point to your communication or relationship with someone and how it is taking a toll on you in some way.

Dream: Gate
Interpretation: To see or pass through a gate in your dream suggests that you are walking through a new phase of life. It also represents new opportunities and possibilities, especially if the gate is opened or swinging.

Dream: Addict
Interpretation: To dream that you are an addict indicates that you are no longer in control of a situation. You have surrendered your power and denied responsibility for your actions. The dream is also representative of fear, low self-esteem issues, and insecurities.

Dream: Headless
Interpretation: To see a headless body walking around or dream that you are headless means that you are not using your head. You are not thinking clearly. Or the dream suggests that you have literally lost your mind. Consider how the body is dressed or the condition of the body. If the body is naked, then it implies that you are being too gullible or too trusting of others. If part of the body is burnt or wounded, then it indicates that your mindlessness have put you in harm's way.

Dream: Magic
Carpet
Interpretation: To dream that you are riding a magic carpet indicates that you are overcoming your obstacles and physical limitations.

Dream: Deportation
Interpretation: To dream that you are being deported indicates that you are feeling unwanted or unwelcome in some new surrounding. You are feeling rejected and unwanted.

Dream: Hallucination
Interpretation: To have a hallucination in your dream symbolizes an image from your subconscious. They can also represent repressed emotions and feelings that you do not want to confront. Your dream may be telling you to be more alert and to express yourself more clearly. Alternatively, it refers to self-deception. What are you trying to hide?

Dream: Elevator
Interpretation: To dream that you are ascending in an elevator represents a rise to status and wealth. You may have risen to a higher level of consciousness and are looking at the world from an elevated viewpoint. If the elevator is moving upward in an out of control fashion or it crashes through the roof, then it indicates that you are being catapulted to a position of power in which you do not yet know how to deal with. You are afraid of the new responsibilities ahead for you. Descending in an elevator suggests that you are being grounded or coming back down to reality. It also signifies setbacks and misfortunes.

Dream: Kali
Interpretation: To see the Hindu goddess, Kali in your dream symbolizes the protective mother. For Hindus, the symbol may have deeper significance.

Dream: Viking
Interpretation: To see a Viking in your dream indicates that you are feeling violated or conflicted in some way. You are facing a confrontational situation.

Dream: Komodo
Dragon
Interpretation: To see a komodo dragon in your dream means that you need to be more flexible in your thinking or decision making. Your agility and stealth will get you what you want. You also need to take advantage of the opportunities presented to you. Alternatively, a komodo dragon symbolizes genuine fear.

Dream: Marlin
Interpretation: To see or catch a marlin in your dream means that you need to be more decisive and forge forward with your plans. Alternatively, seeing a marlin in your dream suggests that you need to be more direct about your feelings.

Dream: Infertile
Interpretation: To dream that you are infertile represents a lack of creativity. Something in your waking life is not working out the way you want it to. The dream may also reflect your own state of infertility and the struggles to have a baby.

Dream: Unibrow
Interpretation: To dream that you have a unibrow indicates that you are feeling insecure about your physical appearance. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you are not expressing your feelings enough. Perhaps you are keeping too much of your emotions inside. There is something you are trying to hide.

Dream: Hawk
Interpretation: To see a hawk in your dream denotes that suspicions are lurking around you and your activities. You need to proceed with caution. Alternatively, a hawk symbolizes insight. Consider the phrase "hawk's eye" to mean that you need to keep a close watch on someone or some situation.

Dream: Sandpaper
Interpretation: To see or use sandpaper in your dream suggests that you need to smooth over some rough spots in your situation or relationship. Alternatively, it may indicate that you are a little too abrasive or harsh in your words or attitude.

Dream: Dance
Interpretation: To dream that you are dancing signifies freedom from any constraints and restrictions. Your life is in balance and in harmony. Dancing also represents frivolity, happiness, gracefulness, sensuality and sexual desires. You need to incorporate these qualities in your waking life.

Dream: Santa
Claus
Interpretation: To see Santa Claus in your dream indicates that you need to be more giving, accepting, and/or forgiving. You need to acknowledge and tend to some aspect of yourself. Alternatively, the dream means that you are reflecting on the good and bad things that you have done. meanings by DreamMoods.com

Dream: Weather
Interpretation: To dream about the weather signifies your emotional state of mind. Stormy or windy weather implies conflict and aggression. Rain and hail represents depression and sadness. And rainbows and sunshine signify hope and happiness. Alternatively, weather may be a pun on "whether" you should do this or that. Perhaps you are trying to decide between two options.

Dream: Cannon
Interpretation: To see a cannon in your dream suggests that there is something drastic that needs to be done immediately. According to the Freudian school of thought, the cannon symbolizes the penis.

Dream: Jewelry
Box
Interpretation: To see a jewelry box in your dream represents  your sense of self-worth, self-value, and potential. You need to unleash your stored potential and quit keeping it hidden.

Dream: lla
Lily
Interpretation: To see calla lilies in your dream symbolize new beginnings, rebirth and longevity. In particular, a white calla lily represents purity, simplicity or elegance. Alternatively, the calla lily refers to a commitment.

Dream: Maggot
Interpretation: To see maggots in your dream represent your anxieties about death. It may also be indicative of some issue or problem that you have been rejecting and it is now "eating away" at you. You need to confront it for it is destroying your sense of harmony and balance.

Dream: Impale
Interpretation: To dream that you are being impaled suggests a forceful, violent or passionate release of your repressed emotions. You feel that you have been freed from the physical limitations of your own psyche. You are more aggressive and direct about your pent up emotions. Consider which part of the body is being impaled and what that part of the body symbolizes.

Dream: Family
Guy
Interpretation: To dream about the Family Guy cartoon implies how you cope with what life throws at you. You feel that you are a target of criticism. Perhaps you identify with one of the characters in the show. Consider their key traits and how you can relate to those qualities. If you dream that the characters in Family Guy are not behaving like the normally are in the show , then it refers to a situation where you are acting inappropriately. You have gone too far.

Dream: Mailbox
Interpretation: To see a mailbox in your dream represents important information that you are about to receive. Pay particular attention to your dream and what message it is trying to convey to you from your subconscious. If the mailbox is full, then it indicates that you have not digested or accepted these messages.

Dream: Carving
Interpretation: To dream that you are carving a piece of wood symbolizes spiritual and creative energy. Metaphorically, you are transforming subconscious energy into conscious awareness. Consider whether the carving is purely ornamental or utilitarian.

Dream: Railroad
Crossing
Interpretation: To see a railroad crossing gate in your dream symbolizes temporary setbacks toward achieving your goals, especially if the gate is going down. If the gate is up, then it means that you have overcome certain obstacles in your life. You are not letting something or someone get in your way of your goals. Rain To see and hear rain falling symbolizes forgiveness and grace. Falling rain is also a metaphor for tears, crying and sadness. Alternatively, rain symbolizes fertility and renewal. If you get wet from the rain, then it indicates cleaning from your troubles and problems. In particular, dreaming of acid rain indicates that you have been mislead. You are letting hatred and revenge take over and define you. To dream that you are watching the rain from a window indicates that spiritual ideas and insights are being brought to your awareness. It may also symbolize fortune and love. To hear rain tapping on the roof denotes spiritual ideas coming to fruition in your mind. Rainbow To see a rainbow in your dream represents hope, success and good fortune in the form of money, prestige, or fame. The rainbow is also seen as a bridge between your earthly, grounded self and the higher, spiritual self. It refers to joy and happiness in your relationship. Alternatively, the rainbow implies that your troubles are almost over. Good will come out of your issues. Just hang in there. In the western culture, the rainbow is a symbol for gay pride. To see an all white rainbow in your dream signifies heightened spirituality and purity. To see a rainbow at night or a lunar rainbow in your dream is symbolic of a spiritual or emotional connection within your personal relationship or religious beliefs. To dream that something is rainbow colored implies that you need to see things in a more positive light. You need to be more optimistic. Also consider the significance of the object. To dream that you have rainbow colored hair refers to your light-hearted and carefree nature. You are headed in a positive spiritual direction. Raincoat To dream that you are wearing a raincoat suggests that you are shielding yourself from your emotions. You are not able to face the nastiness. Alternatively, wearing a raincoat in your dream refers to your pessimistic outlook and unpleasantness. Rainforest To dream that you are in a rainforest suggests that you feel your emotions are being undermined and "cut down". Alternatively, the dream represents your waking concerns about the environment. It may also be a metaphor of the impact that you have on your surroundings. Raisins To dream that you are eating raisins represent some negative force that is working against you. The dream may also be a metaphor for something or someone who is old and shriveled. Rake To dream that you are using a rake indicates that some task or project will never be accomplished unless you do it yourself. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you need to have better planning and organization in your life. You need to figure out the direction you want to take in life and then carry out that plan. To see someone raking in your dream denotes that you are effectively taking advantage of some situation. Ram To see a ram in your dream signifies aggression, energy, and impulsiveness. You may be pursuing a decision that should be approached with more tact and consideration. A ram also symbolizes strong and powerful friends who will use their influence and authority to your advantage. To dream that a ram is pursuing you indicates some misfortune or unlucky threat. Perhaps, you feel that something is being "rammed" down your throat or that you feel that you are being rammed by a situation or decision. Rambling To dream that you are rambling suggests that you have a lot that you need to get off your mind. You need to express these thoughts and feelings in your waking life or it will continue to haunt you in your dream state. Ramp To dream that you are going up a ramp signifies your struggles in achieving a goal.  It is symbolic of your determination and ambition. If you fail to go up a ramp, then it suggests that you are not able to overcome your difficulties. There are still obstacles standing on your way. To dream that you are going down a ramp refers to some instability and lack of control in your life. Ranch To dream that you are at a ranch suggests that you need to take stock of your life and ascertain what you hope to achieve and gain. The dream may also refer to your own livelihood and concerns about money. Ransom To dream that somebody is demanding ransom from you suggests that you have been deceived. To demand  ransom in your dream means that you are feeling unfairly treated. Rapping To  hear or dream that you are rapping suggests that you need to better verbalize your thoughts and feelings. Rape To dream that you were raped or almost raped indicates vengeful or resentful feelings toward the opposite sex.  You feel that you have been violated or that you have been taken advantage of. Something or someone is jeopardizing your self-esteem and emotional well-being. Things are being forced upon you. Dreams of rape are also common for those who were actually raped in their waking life. To see a rape being committed in your dream denotes sexual dysfunction or uncertainty. In particular, if you witness a gang rape in your dream, then it signifies complete helplessness in a situation. You are lacking the resources or power to do the right thing. It may also mean that you or someone has been humiliated. If you dream of raping someone, then it represents your need to control others and show them who is in charge. You also have a sense of entitlement. Dreaming that your young daughter was raped symbolizes your fears as she grows and becomes more independent. You are learning to let go and that can't always be there to protect her. Rapids To dream that you are carried away by the rapids suggests that you are experiencing some intense feelings. You may be literally be getting carried away by your emotions. Rapture To dream that you have been raptured symbolizes your strong faith and spirituality. To dream that the rapture is coming forewarns that you need to get aspects of your life in order.  Something major is happening in your life that you need to prepare for it. Dreaming that you are left behind in the rapture symbolizes feelings of abandonment and unworthiness. You may have self-esteem issues and often feel overlooked. Rare To dream that something is rare indicates that you need to appreciate certain things. Consider the symbolism or significance of the rare object or event. Don't take things for granted. Rash To dream that you have a rash indicates repressed anger, frustrations and annoyances. You may be holding in your anger and frustrations, instead of expressing it. Alternatively, the dream suggests that others are trying to put doubt in your head about some decision or choice that you are making. It may be a pun on a "rash" decision that you are making. You need to think twice before going through with your choice. Raspberry To see or eat raspberries in your dream represent some precious or delicate matter. Ration To dream that you are rationing something indicates that you are not getting your fair share of something, either emotionally, financially or materially. Alternatively, it symbolizes your fairness and diplomacy in some matter. Rats To see a rat in your dream signifies feelings of doubts, greed, guilt, unworthiness and envy. You are keeping something to yourself that is eating you up inside. Or you have done something that you are not proud of. Alternatively, a rat denotes repulsion, decay, dirtiness, and even death. The dream may also be a pun on someone who is a rat. Are you feeling betrayed? In particular, to see a black rat represents deceit and covert activities. If you see a white rat in your dream, then it means that you will receive help from an unexpected source. To dream that a rat is biting your feet is analogous to the rat race that you are experiencing in your waking life. To dream that you catch a rat with your bare hands indicates that you are not letting greed, jealousy, betrayal or some other negativity get the best of you. Rattle To see or play with a rattle in a dream signifies joy, tranquility and contentment in the home. To hear a rattle in your dream represents some situation or issue that you need to tend to. Rattlesnake To see a rattlesnake in your dream represents the passage of time. ** *Go to Common Dreams: Snake Dreams for further analysis. Please see Snake . Raven To see a raven in your dream symbolizes betrayal, disharmony, misfortune, and death. The death may be a symbolic death in that it signals an end to a habit or phase in your life. Alternatively, the dream suggests that someone is taking advantage of your misfortune. Ravine To see a ravine in your dream represents your need to be sheltered and protected.  You are in deep contemplation about your own emotions or relationships. Perhaps you are trying to make sense of your hidden feelings. Raw To eat something that is raw signifies some unexplored or untried experiences. Perhaps you are feeling apprehensive and ill prepared about what is ahead for you. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor for your "raw" emotions. Razor To see a razor in your dream suggests that there is a situation or problem that you need to smooth out. To dream that you are sharpening a razor indicates that you are ruthless and "cutthroat." Razor Blade To see or use a razor blade in your dream symbolizes precision and accuracy in what you do. To find a razor blade in your food refers to some cutting remark that you made and is coming back to haunt you. RC Car To see or play with an RC Car in your dream represents your ability to make quick decision. You are also feeling in control of your goals. Alternatively, the dream may mean that your goals are set too low. You are not challenging yourself. Reach To dream that you are reaching for something or someone signifies a yearning or desire for something you do not have. The dream may also be symbolic of an emotional void in your life that you are trying to fill. Reading To dream that you are reading indicates that you need to obtain more information and knowledge before making a decision. You need to think things through and consider all your options. Real Estate *Please see Property. Reality Show To dream that you are in a reality show suggests that you feel your life is under public scrutiny. You feel that someone is criticizing your decisions and actions. The dream may also be a pun that you are in need of a reality check. Realtor To see or dream that you are a realtor indicates that you are searching for a new sense of self. Reapers To see reapers working in your dream denote prosperity and pleasure. Rear Ended To dream that you have been rear ended indicates that something from your past is still impacting your present situation. You need to learn from the past in order to move forward. Rearview Mirror To dream that you are looking through the rearview mirror suggests that you are dwelling on the past too much. It may indicate regrets, past hurts or "what ifs". On the other hand, the dream may be telling you not to forget about the past and what you have left behind. You need to maintain a happy median between what is ahead for you in the future and what you left behind in the past. Rebel To dream that you are a rebel indicates that you need to stand up for yourself and be your own person, even though it may go against the masses. It is time to take action. Rebirth To dream that you are born again indicates that you need to deal with issues that you have been avoiding. You may have been given a second chance to regain what was previously thought to be lost. Alternatively, the dream means that you are starting or entering a new stage in your life. You are looking toward the future instead of dwelling on the past. Some Christians are described as "born again". Thus the dream may also represent your renewed religious  faith and commitment. Receipt To see a receipt in your dream indicates that you are accepting or acknowledging some aspect of yourself. It is a reflection of your openness and genuineness. What is the receipt for? Alternatively, the dream symbolizes guaranteed success. Better times are ahead for you. To dream that you cannot find a receipt points to some regret about something you did in the past. Reception To dream that you are attending a reception represents togetherness and social gatherings. The dream may parallel your social calendar. Alternatively, the dream could be a pun that you need to be more "receptive" to some new idea, situation, relationship or person. Recess To dream about recess time suggests that you need to take a little break from your daily life for yourself. It is time to think things through and replenish your energy. Recipe To dream of a recipe symbolizes your creativity, talents and enjoyment of life. You need to take advantage of life's pleasures. Consider what the recipe is for. Desserts suggest that you need to indulge in life and devote some time to leisure. A recipe for preparing meat represents your desires for physical/emotional satisfaction. Recital To dream that you are in a recital indicates your level of self-confidence and self esteem. Consider how you perform in the recital and how it may parallel a waking situation. Recliner To see or sit on a recliner in your dream suggests that you need to take a step back to evaluate a situation. Since a recliner is sometimes referred to as a "lazy boy", the dream may indicate that you are unproductive. Recognition To dream that you are being recognized suggests that your hard work and abilities are not going unnoticed. Keep up the good work! To dream that someone is being recognized indicates that you need to incorporate some aspects of their character into your own self. Alternatively, the dream refers to your hidden feelings and fondness toward that person. Reconcilement To dream about a reconcilement represents a person in your waking life who you need to reconnect with. You need to rid yourself of some burden that has been weighing you down. Alternatively, the dream suggests that you need to come to terms with the changes in your life. Record To see or listen to a record in your dream suggests that you need to consider both sides of a situation before making a decision. You need to be more in tune with your instincts.  Maybe there is something that you need to say "on or off the record." Or the dream is telling you that you are going round and round in circles; you are not making any progress in life. Alternatively, a record represents a need for enjoyment and sensual pleasure. To dream that the record is scratched may be a pun on how you are  "sounding like a broken record". Or the dream may literally mean "breaking a record". Record Player To see a record player in your dream suggests that you are going around in circles over a problem or situation. In other words, you are going nowhere. To dream that the record player is broken indicates that you have broken free from a cycle or habit. Recording Studio To dream that you are in a recording studio suggests that there is a message that you need to absorb and incorporate into your daily life. Recovery To dream that you are recovering or in recovery means that you are visualizing success or envisioning a positive future. You will overcome current struggles or hardships. Dreaming that you are recovering an object means you are trying to relive parts of your past. Rectangle To see a rectangle in your dream represents permanence, materialism and stability. Because of its four corners and four sides, it is also symbolic of the number 4. Recurring Dream To have recurring dreams indicate unresolved issues, unhealthy behavior patterns, or unexpressed emotions in your waking life. *For more information, please See Dream Moods' article on Recurring Dreams. Recycle To dream that you are recycling suggests that you are trying to sort out aspects of your life. You are trying to learn from your past mistakes and turn them into positives. Alternatively, the dream may mean that you are reliving the past. It is time to move forward. Red Carpet To dream that you are walking on a red carpet represents your desire to be admired and looked up to. You are seeking validation and acknowledgement for your achievements. To see the red carpet in your dream suggests that you are welcoming fun and festivities in your life. You are ready for a celebration. Red Cross To see the Red Cross in your dream suggests that you are in need of spiritual healing. Don't be shy about asking for help when you need it. The Red Cross is also representative of humanitarian work. Red Giant To dream of a Red Giant implies that the end is near in your career or relationship. Red Light To dream that you are running a red stoplight indicates that you are doing something despite being told not to do it. You are going against the rules. Red Snapper To dream of a red snapper fish implies that you are speaking and acting out of anger. You are letting negative emotions dictate your behavior. Redecorating To dream that you are redecorating indicates your need for change. You need a makeover of yourself. Redhead To dream that you are a redhead suggests that you need more spontaneity and vitality in your life. It is time to make some dramatic changes. Redwood To see redwood trees in your dream symbolize longevity and continuity. Due to their color, the redwoods also represent passion, life, and blood. Reeds To see reeds in your dream symbolize your flexibility and resilience in various situations. Reef To see a reef in your dream suggests that you are blocking out subconscious material from emerging onto the surface. Alternatively, the dream may also mean a refuge or protection from your emotions. Reenactment To dream of a reenactment signifies a memory, especially if it is a painful or difficult memory. Your subconscious is trying to protect you by creating a level of separation from a direct memory. Referee To see a referee in your dream signifies an inner battle between your own ideals and values and between the ideals and values of others. You are looking for a resolution to some conflict in your daily life. Reflection To see your reflection in your dream represents your true self; it is time to look within. The reflection may highlight both your flaws and positive attributes. Learn from your flaws and how to improve them. At the same time, appreciate your good qualities.  Alternatively, your reflection indicates how you want others to perceive you. If you see a strange figure or something other than your own reflection, then it suggests that you are undergoing some identity crisis. You are not sure about who you are anymore. To dream that you do not see your reflection in a mirror implies that you have lost your self-identity. Perhaps you have changed for the benefit of others that you don't know who you are anymore. Refrigerator To see or open a refrigerator in your dream represents your chilling personality and/or cold emotions. The dream may also be telling you that you need to put some goal, plan, or situation on hold. Alternatively, a refrigerator signifies that you have accomplished what you have been subconsciously seeking. To dream that the refrigerator has broken down suggests that you need to warm up to somebody or some situation. It is time to let go of those harsh, cold feelings. If you dream of a very full refrigerator, then it symbolizes your untapped resources. Refugee To dream that you are a refugee refers to feelings of rejection by society. You feel emotionally isolated and that you do not belong anywhere. Alternatively, the dream means that you are trying to escape a situation or issue instead of confronting it. Refusal To dream that you are refusing something suggests that you are in denial about something. Consider what you are refusing. Alternatively, the dream may be a pun on "refuse" or trash. Is there some aspect or characteristic that you are rejecting?

Dream: cupuncture
Interpretation: To dream that you are getting acupuncture suggests that you are in need of healing. You may need to divert your energies to different pursuits. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor for a problem or issue that you need to pinpoint.

Dream: Sea
Interpretation: To see the sea in your dream represents your subconscious and the transition between your subconscious and conscious. As with all water symbols, it also represents your emotions. The dream may also be a pun on your understanding and perception of a situation. "I see" or perhaps there is something you need to "see" more clearly. Alternatively, the dream indicates a need to reassure yourself or to offer reassurance to someone. It brings about hope, a new perspective and a positive outlook on life no matter how difficult your current problems may be.

Dream: Cab
Interpretation: To dream that you are hailing a cab suggests that you need to ask for help in order to be able to move forward in some waking situation. To dream that you are in a cab indicates that you are being taken for a ride. Someone is taking advantage of you. Cabana To see or dream that you are in a cabana signifies your need for an escape or vacation. You may be feeling overwhelmed by a waking problem and need some downtime. Cabaret To watch a cabaret in your dream indicates your need to acknowledge your sensual side. Cabbage To see or eat cabbage in your dream suggests that you should not waste time with petty things in your life. You live and thrive on life's challenges. Alternatively, the dream refers to your unwise choices or decisions. You need to rethink some of your decisions. Cabin To see or dream that you are in a wood cabin indicates that you will succeed via your own means.  It suggests that you are self-reliant and independent, yet still remain humble. You prefer the simpler things in life. To dream that you are in a ship cabin indicates that are seeking some refuge from your emotions. Cabinet To see a cabinet in your dream symbolizes the female body and/or the womb. Alternatively, you may be hiding some family or personal secret. Consider the contents and condition of the cabinet for more clues. To dream that someone rearranged your cabinets suggests that somebody is overstepping your boundaries. Cable To see a cable in your dream represents your stamina and durability. If the cable is frayed or broken, then it signifies a lack of strength. To dream of cable television signifies your openness and how you communicate with others. Cable Car To see or ride in a cable car in your dream signifies the compromises that you make in life. Sometimes you have to go along with the masses in order to maintain the peace. Alternatively, the dream represents life's journey. You are headed in the right direction. Caboose To see or be in a caboose implies that you are last in line for something. You are feeling shortchanged. Alternatively, dreaming of a caboose serves as a reminder that you will eventually get to where you need. It is not always about being first or finishing first. Cackle To hear the sound of cackling in your dream signifies illness and loss. Cactus To see a cactus in your dream suggests that you are feeling invaded, that your space is being crowded into and that you are being suffocated.  The prickly spines of the cactus represent the boundary you are trying to establish between your personal and private. Or you feel the need to defend yourself in some way. Alternatively, the dream implies that  you have found yourself in a sticky situation. Perhaps you need to adapt to your existing circumstances instead of trying to change them. *Please See Also Succulents. Cadaver To dream that you are dissecting a cadaver indicates that you are ready to reveal or expose an aspect of yourself that you have been hiding. To see a cadaver in your dream represents a part of yourself that has died. Alternatively, dreaming of a cadaver means that you tend to give everything you have in a situation or relationship. Ca dillac To see a Cadillac in your dream suggests that you are driven to succeed. Your ambition will take you far in life. Caduceus To see a caduceus in your dream symbolizes health concerns. The dream may be telling you that you need to take better care of yourself. Caesarian Section To dream that you are having a caesarian section implies that you need help in order to get your idea or project off the ground. You can not do it by yourself. A more direct interpretation of this dream may represent your anxieties of having a C-section in real life. Cafe To dream that you are at a cafe represents your social life. The dream is telling you that it is time to call up old friends and catch up with what they are all up to. Cafeteria To dream that you are in a cafeteria denotes that there may be a lot of issues "eating" you up inside. Cage To dream that you are in a cage indicates that you are experiencing inhibitions and powerlessness in some areas of your life. You are feeling restricted, confined and restrained in a current relationship or business deal. Somebody may be keeping a short leash on you, where you are lacking the freedom to act independently. To dream that you are putting a wild animal into a cage signifies that you will succeed in overcoming your rivals and fears. It is also symbolic of your ability to control you animalistic rages and anger. To see a bird in a cage suggests that you are feeling limited in your expression and a sudden lost of freedom. You may be experiencing frustrations and an inhibited spirituality. The dream may also imply that you are feeling like a "jail bird". Cage Fighting To dream that you are cage fighting indicates that you are feeling restricted or confined in a current relationship. An aspect of yourself is fighting to be expressed or let out. To watch a cage fight represents conflicting ideas or beliefs. Cake To see a cake in your dream indicates that you need to learn to share and allocate your workload instead of trying to do everything yourself.  Cakes also symbolize selfishness or the feeling of not getting your fair share. More positively, the dream may represent your accomplishments and achievements. Consider also the metaphor a "piece of cake" or some situation that is easy. To see a partially eaten cake in your dream signifies missed and lost opportunities. To dream that you are buying a cake suggests that you have accepted the rewards and recognition you are getting for our work.  You are learning to be comfortable in the spotlight. Calamari To dream that you are eating calamari indicates that you are feeling battered or beaten. However, you are tough. Hang in there! Calculator To see a calculator in your dream suggests that you need to thoroughly think through some problem and carefully evaluate your choices.  You need to lay out some sort of plan or outline. The symbol may also be a metaphor for someone who is "calculating", cunning and scheming. Calendar To see a calendar in your dream represents the passing of time and past events. The dream may also be a reminder of a special event, appointment or important date in your waking life. Calf To see a calf in your dream symbolizes immaturity and inexperience. You need to develop certain qualities. California Known as the Golden State, to dream of California, refers to your desire for instant wealth. It may also suggests that you are looking for fame. If you live in California, then the dream may just be a reflection of your reality. Caliper To see or use a caliper in your dream reflects your concerns about not measuring up to the standards or expectations of others. Alternatively, dreaming of a caliper means that you need to be careful in making a decision or judgment. Ca lla Lily To see calla lilies in your dream symbolize new beginnings, rebirth and longevity. In particular, a white calla lily represents purity, simplicity or elegance. Alternatively, the calla lily refers to a commitment. Calling Card To see or use a calling card in your dream indicates that there is someone that you need to reach out to. If the calling card has the name of someone you know on it, then it means that their presence is with your spiritually, even though they may not be with you physically. Something in your waking life is reminding you of this person. Calluses To dream that you have calluses symbolize hard work. You have be laboring over a difficult task or situation. Calm To dream that you are calm denotes a fulfilling life. You find contentment and satisfaction in what you have. To dream that someone is trying to calm you down suggests  that you will experience many setbacks, especially if you continue to let your emotions run out of control. Calomel To see calomel in your dream indicates a rivalry. To dream that you are taking calomel signifies that you are being manipulated and taken advantage of. It is time to open your eyes and not allow yourself to be stepped on. Calves To see your calves in your dream symbolize movement and your ability to jump from situation to situation. In particular, if you are admiring your own calves, then it denotes a needy or codependent relationship. Camcorder *Please See Video Camera . Camel To see a camel in your dream denotes that you need to be more conservative; you are carrying too many responsibilities, burdens and problems on your shoulders. Consider the common phrase, "the straw that broke the camel's back". You tend to hold on and cling on to your emotions instead of expressing and releasing them. Learn to forgive and forget. Alternatively, the camel represents your stamina. To dream that you are petting a camel indicates that you are ready to let go of some of the burdens, responsibilities or emotional baggage that you are carrying around. Cameo To see or wear a cameo in your dream represents an aspect of yourself that you are trying to express. Perhaps you are showing your delicate and feminize side. Alternatively, the dream may be a pun on a "cameo" appearance that you are making at some social gathering. Camera To see a camera in your dream signifies your desires to cling on and/or live in the past. Alternatively, it may indicate that you need to focus on a particular situation. Perhaps you need to get a clearer picture or idea. To dream that the camera is broken indicates that you are ignoring an issue or refusing to see the big picture. To dream that you cannot find your camera to take a picture implies that you are not focusing on the matter at hand. Your attention is too easily diverted. Alternatively, the dream refers to forgotten memories. To see or dream that you are on a hidden camera indicates that you feel that you are being scrutinized. All eyes are on you. Camouflage To dream that you are in camouflage suggests that you are hiding  your true self and feelings. You are concealing who you really are. Alternatively, there is a situation in your waking life that is making you want to blend into the background and not get noticed. Camper To dream that you are living in a camper indicates that you need to move on with some situation or some aspect of your life. You may be dwelling on a situation and it is time to move forward. Alternatively, you may be expressing your desire to be more independent and self-sufficient. Campfire To start or see a campfire in your dream represents sharing and companionship. You need to open yourself to others and allow others to get to know you. Camping To dream that you are camping indicates a need for relaxation and a long-deserved break.  You need to be more in touch with nature and go back to a more basic and simpler life. Alternatively, it refers to your social circle and support group. You are looking for a sense of belonging, but at the same time be self-sufficient and independent. Campus To dream that you are on a campus indicates your need to expand your thinking/knowledge and challenge yourself mentally. Can To see a can in your dream indicates that there is something in your past that you need to hold on to and preserve. The dream may also be a pun on how you "can" do something. Don't underestimate your abilities and talents. To see canned foods in your dream symbolizes the emotions that you are keeping inside. Can Opener To see a can opener in your dream indicates your willingness to accept new ideas and new concepts. It may also be a symbol of reassurance and a way to tell yourself that "I can" do something. Canada To dream that you are in Canada depends on your own personal associations with the country. If you have never been to Canada, then you will need to draw on your own preconceptions and feelings of the country. Canal To see a canal in your dream symbolizes restraint and constricted emotions. It also suggests that you are unyielding in your thinking and beliefs, which may hinder you in the pursuit of your goals. You are being too controlling. Canary To see a canary in your dream represents happiness and harmony. Alternatively, the dream could indicate your desires for a relationship or that a new relationship is blossoming. Cancel To dream that you are canceling an appointment or plans suggests that you are afraid to confront some matter. You don't want to face the facts. Dreaming that your flight was cancelled indicates that you are feeling helpless or trapped by some situation. You feel you are being held back, either physically or mentally. Cancer To dream that you have cancer denotes hopelessness, grief, self-pity, and unforgiveness. You feel you are wasting your life away. This dream also represents areas in your life which are bothering you, disturbing you, and hurting you in some emotional way. An emotional issue is eating away at you. To dream that you are being treated for cancer signifies a positive change in your life. To dream that someone has cancer indicates that you need to change your negative way of thinking before it eats away at you. Start being more positive. To dream that someone is a Cancer sign symbolizes your tendency to keep and hold on to everything. You have a lot of power and influence. The Cancer sign also indicates that you tend to be sensitive, moody and emotional. You are also very family oriented. Candle To see a burning candle in your dream signifies that good luck and hope will be coming your way in small and steady amounts. You are in a comfortable stage in your life and may be seeking spiritual enlightenment. Lit candles are also symbolic of intellect, enlightenment, awareness or the search for truth. To see an unlit candle denotes feelings of rejection or disappointments. You are not utilizing your fullest potential. If you try to light the candle, but it won't light, then it represents grief. You are in denial about something. To see a candle blow out in your dream indicates that you are surrendering a significant aspect of yourself. You are letting go of something that used to be important to you. To watch the candle burn down to nothing in your dream signifies your fears of aging and dying. Alternatively, it represents a fear of sexual impotence. To see a red colored candle in your dream symbolizes some intimate or romantic relationship. You may not be giving the relationship a fair chance and are dismissing it before you invested sufficient time to learn more about the other person. On the other hand, you may just not be feeling any chemistry or passion. Candle Wax To see candle wax in your dream indicates that there is too much activity going on in your life. You may need to slow down and take a breather. Alternatively, it may symbolize the passage of time. Candy To see or eat candy in your dream symbolizes the joys and the special treats in life. It also represents indulgence, sensuality and/or forbidden pleasure. You may be devoting too much time to unimportant issues. A more direct interpretation suggests that you are eating too much candy and sweets. Candy Apple To see or eat a candy apple in your dream is a reminder that you can have too much of a good thing. You need to show restraint in some area of your life. Cane To see or use a cane in your dream suggests that you are in need of some support and advice. The cane may also represent someone you trust and can rely on. To dream that you are being caned indicates that you are being forced into submission or obedience. Someone is trying make an example of you. Alternatively, the dream symbolizes self-guilt. To dream that you are caning someone signifies pent up aggression. Pay attention at who you are caning. You may harbor some ill feeling or anger toward this person. This person could also represent an aspect of your own self. Cannabis *Please See Marijuana . Canned Food To see or eat canned food in your dream implies that you are keeping your emotions bottled up inside. You feel that it is not the appropriate time to express your true desires. Cannibalism To see cannibalism in your dream symbolizes a destructive and forbidden desire or obsession. Metaphorically, cannibals consume people's lives, along with their energy. Thus, this dream may then denote an aspect of your life (career, relationship, children, etc ), which is consistently draining your enthusiasm and vitality. To dream that you are a victim of cannibalism represents feelings of being "eating alive" by work, a relationship or a situation in your waking life. Cannon To see a cannon in your dream suggests that there is something drastic that needs to be done immediately. According to the Freudian school of thought, the cannon symbolizes the penis. Cannonball To see a cannonball in your dream indicates that you are harboring some anger or aggression and it is weighing your down. Canoe To see a canoe in your dream represents serenity simplicity, and independence. It is also a reflection of your emotional balance. You are moving ahead via your own power and determination. Canopy To see a canopy in your dream symbolizes protection. You may also be elevated to a prominent position. Cantaloupe To see or eat cantaloupe in your dream implies that you put forth a tough image, but are sensitive on the inside. Metaphorically, cantaloupes can refer to the breasts. Canteen To see or use a canteen in your dream suggests that you are looking to easily and conveniently satisfy your emotional needs. Canvas To see a canvas in your dream symbolizes potential and possibilities, especially if the canvas is blank. Consider the significance of what is on the canvas, as it is an aspect of your subconscious. Canyon To see a canyon in your dream represents your subconscious mind and hidden feelings. It may point to emotions and relationships that you did not recognize. Cap To see a cap in your dream signifies informality and ease. It also suggests that you need to be more tolerant of others. Cap And Gown To wear a cap and gown in your dream indicates that you are transitioning into a higher level in your life. You are ready to move on to the next stage. To see someone in a cap and gown in your dream symbolizes your successes and accomplishments. Cape To see or dream that you are wearing a cape indicates that you are trying to shield yourself from being emotionally hurt. It may also mean that you are trying to cover-up or hide something. Capital Punishment *Please See Death Penalty. Capricorn To dream that someone is a Capricorn signifies fears of inadequacy. You are afraid that you are not measuring up. Alternatively, it denotes your drive, tenacity and ambition. Capsize To dream that your boat has capsized represents your avoidance in confronting uncomfortable feelings and/or situations. Captain To dream that you are a captain indicates that you are taking charge of your emotions and confronting the issues that are bothering you. To see a captain in your dream represents your powerful influence over others. Captive To dream that you are held captive suggests that you are feeling trapped in some aspect or circumstances of your waking life. You may feel trapped in your career, relationship or life in general. Alternatively, captivity dreams indicate something you are refusing to acknowledge or something that you are in denial about. Car To dream that you are driving a car denotes your ambition, your drive and your ability to navigate from one stage of your life to another. Consider how smooth or rough the car ride is. If you are driving the car, then you are taking an active role in the way your life is going. However, if you are the passenger, then you are taking a passive role. If you are in the backseat of the car, then it indicates that you are putting yourself down and are allowing others to take over. This may be a result of low self-esteem or low self-confidence.  Overall, this dream symbol is an indication of your dependence and degree of control you have on your life. Driving a new car means that you are headed toward a new direction or goal. You are deviating from your original life path. To dream that you drive your car into a body of water or that it rolls into water implies that you are in for an emotional journey. To see a car underwater in your dream points to feelings of regret or sadness over an abandoned goal. To dream that your car is buried suggests that you are feeling weary about pursing someone else's dreams instead of your own. You are afraid to let others down. To dream that your car flipped over or rolled over implies that some significant event is preventing you from achieving your goals. You feel that you have to put your own life on hold. To see or dream that a car is being crushed represents disappointments occurring in your waking life. You are lacking ambition and goals. To dream that your car won't start indicates that you are feeling powerless in some situation. To dream that you forget or can't find where you parked your car indicates that you are dissatisfied or unhappy with an aspect of your waking life. You do not know what you really want to do with your life or where you want to go. To dream that your car has been stolen indicates that you are being stripped of your identity.  This may relate to losing your job, a failed relationship, or some situation which has played a significant role in your identity and who you are as a person. If you dream that you are stealing a car, then it implies that you are trying to take credit for someone else's work. It may also mean that you are downplaying the role that others had in your success. To dream that your car is overheating suggests that you are expending too much energy. You need to slow down or run the risk of being burnt out. You are taking on more than you can handle. It is time to take a breather. To see a parked car in your dream suggests that you need to turn your efforts and energies elsewhere. You may be needlessly spending your energy in a fruitless endeavor. Alternatively, a parked car may symbolize your need to stop and enjoy life. To dream that you are almost hit or were ran over by a car suggests that your lifestyle, beliefs or goals may be in conflict with another's. It may also be symbolic of a jo lting experience or injured pride. If you dream that you hit or ran over someone with a car, then it implies that you have hurt someone in order to move ahead in life. To dream that you are unable to roll up the windows of your car suggests that  you are showing some hesitation and reservation about the direction that you are taking in life or the path that you have chosen. To see a haunted car in your dream represents unfinished goals. You had started off on a path or journey, but never reached the end. Perhaps life had taken you on a different direction that you had planned or intended. To dream that no one is driving a moving car suggests that you need to reassess your level of control over your life. You are unwilling to take responsibilities for your actions. To buy a car in your dream refers to your commitment to some important life decision you have made. To see or drive a car that looks like a cat refers to your free and independent spirit. If you are almost hit by a car that looks like a cat, then it suggests that you are hindering someone's goals or not letting them be who they are. If you dream of driving a black colored car, then it means that you like to be low-key about your intentions or goals. Driving a black color in a dream signify some ulterior motives. Dreaming of a car that is driving fast suggests that you need to slow down and think through your choices. You are so focused on your goals that you are leaving behind the people around you. Car Alarm To hear or set off a car alarm in your dream implies that you are headed on the wrong path. The dream is alerting you to change  your direction and alter your course. Car Battery To see your car battery in your dream symbolizes your stamina. To dream that your car battery is dead suggests that you are overwhelmed and overworked. You need to slow down and set some time for yourself or else run the risk of collapsing from exhaustion. Car Carrier To see a car carrier in your dream indicates that you are lacking direction and have no goal of your own. You are letting others make decisions for you. You are going with the flow. Car Dealership To see or dream that you are in a car dealership refers to some decision that you need to make about where you want to go in life. You are trying to figure out your life path. Car Seat To see an infant car seat in your dream implies that you are in control of someone else's direction or destiny in life. Alternatively, the dream refers to the beginning stages of your life journey. You are just getting started on an important path. Car Show To dream that you are at a car show suggests that you are drawn to a flashy lifestyle which may not necessarily be who you really are. To dream that you are showing off your car at a car show implies that you are proud of your accomplishments and achievements. You are seeking recognition for your work. Caramel To eat or lick caramel in your dream indicates a sweet and satisfying situation will eventually turn into "sticky" problem. If it sounds too good to be true, then it is really too good to be true. Caravan To dream that you are part of a caravan means that you will achieve your goals with the support of others. You do not need to do things by yourself. Carburetor To see the carburetor in your dream represents emotional, spiritual and physical balance. Carcass To see a carcass in your dream indicates that you are feeling emotionally torn. You feel that you are literally being ripped apart. Cardboard To see a cardboard box in your dream indicates a lack of protection against risk. Cardinal To see a cardinal in your dream represents vitality and happiness. It also may mean being in first place or your position at the front. Cards To dream that you are playing a game of cards represents your ability to strategize in various areas of your life. In particular, diamonds indicate wealth and materialism, clubs indicate work and industry, hearts indicate happiness in love, and spades indicate troubling times and disappointments. To dream that you are shuffling cards signifies indecision. You need to reevaluate your choices. In particular, dreaming of the king of heart card symbolizes a compassionate male figure in your life. It may also mean that you are that compassionate person. Cargo To dream that you are loading or carrying cargo refers to a heavy load that you are carrying around. You are feeling overburdened or overwhelmed. If you are unloading cargo in your dream, then it indicates that you are ready to rid yourself of the extra weight, negative habits and/or excesses that are holding you back. It is time to let go. Carjack To dream that you have been carjacked suggests that you have lost your direction in life. You feel that circumstances in your life has lead you on a different course. Carnation To see carnations in your dream symbolize light-heartedness, vitality and joy. Alternatively, it may represent bachelorhood. Consider the color of the carnation for additional significance. Carnelian To see a carnelian in your dream represents passion, lust, sexuality, or matters of the heart.  It also indicates a need for spiritual healing. Carnival To dream that you are at the carnival represents falsehoods and deception. If you observe freakish sights, then it denotes a lack of harmony in your domestic life. Much sorrow will arise in what were thought to be pleasant times. To dream that you are on a carnival ride suggests that you are going in circles. It may also symbolize cheap thrills. To dream that you run away with the carnival denotes that you will be involved in or closely connected to the entertainment field. Caroling To dream that you are caroling signifies joy, harmony and tranquility. You are in a festive and upbeat mood.  The dream may also be a pun on someone who is named "Carol". Carousel *Please see Merry Go Round. Carp To see a carp in your dream indicates that you need to put aside your pride and ego and not let it get in the way of friendships and relationships. Alternatively, the carp is symbolic of patience, perseverance, determination, tenacity, courage and success. Carpenter To see or dream that you are a carpenter indicates that you are confronting and overcoming your obstacles. Alternatively, it suggests that you need to change your way of thinking and readjust your attitude. Carpet To see a carpet in your dream represents your way of protecting yourself from life's harsh realities. Alternatively, a carpet symbolizes luxury, comfort or richness. Consider the condition and designs of the carpet and how it parallels the foundation that you have laid for yourself in life. Perhaps the dream is telling you that you are refusing to confront some issue and instead are sweeping it under the carpet? To dream that you are installing or laying down carpet suggests that you are trying to make your life more comfortable.  The dream may also be analogous to the planning of something. You are laying out  some new project or endeavor. To dream of a magic carpet implies your desires and wishes to escape from a situation, relationship, or responsibilities. The dream is similar to a flying dream, so you may want to look up flying. *Please See Also Red Carpet. Carriage To see an old-fashioned carriage in your dream suggests that your ways of thinking may be too outdated and antiquated. The carriage is also a symbol of power and status. Carrom Board To see or play with a Carrom Board in your dream implies that you need to focus on your goals. Alternatively, the dream indicates that you are trying to shield or protect a loved one from some problem or issue. Carrot To see a carrot in your dream signifies abundance and fertility. It may also symbolize a lure as in the idiom "to dangle a carrot". To eat a carrot in your dream indicates clarity. You are seeing something more clearly. Carry To dream that you are being carried suggests that you are feeling like a burden to somebody. You need to be more independent and take on more responsibilities. Alternatively, it may elude to romance. Cartoon To dream that your real life is depicted in a cartoon world suggests that you are perceiving the world in a comical and unserious manner. This dream may also serve as an escape from the stressful realities of your life. It is your way of obtaining moments of lightheartedness and fun. Additionally, you need to learn to laugh at yourself and at your mistakes. To dream that you are watching cartoons indicates that you are not taking life seriously. *Please See Also Cartoon Character. Cartwheels To dream that you are doing cartwheels represent poise and balance in your life or the need to regain balance. You need to handle life's obstacle and stress with more fortitude. To dream that you have difficulties doing cartwheels suggest that you do not have confidence in your own abilities. It may also mean that you are lacking discipline and are exhibiting some struggles in your life. There is an imbalance between work and pleasure. Carving To dream that you are carving a piece of wood symbolizes spiritual and creative energy. Metaphorically, you are transforming subconscious energy into conscious awareness. Consider whether the carving is purely ornamental or utilitarian. To dream that you are carving some meat indicates that you are trying to rid yourself of certain feelings. You may be distancing yourself from your emotions and analyzing them from an objective standpoint. Alternatively, some person or situation is violating an aspect of your life. Carwash To dream that you are at a carwash indicates that you need to clean up your self-image. You are ready for a fresh start. Cash *Please See Money. Cash Register To see a cash register in your dream represents financial worries and concerns. You are assessing your financial situation. On the other hand, you may be expecting monetary gains. Cashier To see or dream that you are a cashier indicates that you are re-evaluating your life and what you have accomplished.  Alternatively, it suggests that you have removed yourself out of some situation. You have "checked out". Cashmere To feel or wear cashmere in your dream symbolizes luxury. You strive for the finer things in life. Alternatively, dreaming of cashmere suggests that you are looking for warmth and comfort in your relationships. Casino To dream that you are in a casino signifies the risk-taker within you. If you are a reserved or passive person, then the dream suggests that you should take a chance. If you are not, then it implies that you need to make a more informed decision instead of relying on fate. Casket To see a casket in your dream symbolizes the womb. It also signifies your thoughts and fears of death. If the casket is empty, then it denotes irreconcilable differences. Alternatively, the coffin represents ideas and habits that are no longer of use and can be buried. In particular, if the casket is white, then it refers to lost innocence. To see a body in a casket in your dream signifies that you are going through a period of depression. You may feel confined, restricted and that you are lacking personal freedom. There may be a dead or decaying situation or issue in your life that you need to address. It is time to end this situation or relationship. Casserole To dream you are making a casserole symbolizes new ideas or a new phase in your life. Cassette Tape To see a cassette tape in your dream suggests that there is worth and truth in what you are saying. Alternatively, the dream means that you need to get out of the same rut. You are going around in a loop. Cassowary To see a cassowary in your dream refers to your shy nature. You try to avoid confrontation and arguments. Cast To dream that you are wearing a cast suggests that your motion is being inhibited in some way. Or that you need to show some restraint in an area of your life. Consider which part of the body is in a cast. Alternatively, a cast symbolizes a time of healing and discipline. Castanets To see, hear or play with castanets in your dream  represents little annoyances and irritations in your waking life. Alternatively, the dream may be a metaphor that you need to "cast-a-net". Perhaps you are looking for some assistance. Castle To see a castle in your dream signifies reward, honor, recognition, and praise for your achievements. You are destined to a position of power, wealth, and prestige. Alternatively, the dream indicates your desire to escape from life's daily problems. To dream that you live in a castle represents your extreme need for security and protection to the point where you may be isolating yourself from others. Perhaps the dream parallels a waking situation where it  has put you on the defensive. To see a castle door in your dream indicates that you have missed a huge and/or profitable opportunity, especially if you are standing outside the castle door. If you are standing inside the castle door, then it means that you have let your success and ego distance you from others. Castration To dream of a castration signifies your overwhelming fears that you have lost your virility. You are feeling the pressures of your sexual performance. Alternatively, it represents a lack of creativity, power or strength.

Dream: Cape
Interpretation: To see or dream that you are wearing a cape indicates that you are trying to shield yourself from being emotionally hurt. It may also mean that you are trying to cover-up or hide something.

Dream: Hair
Interpretation: To see hair in your dream signifies sexual virility, seduction, sensuality, vanity, and health. It is indicative of your attitudes. If your hair is knotted or tangled, then it is symbolic of uncertainty and confusion in your life. You may be unable to think straight. If you dream that you make a drastic change to your hairstyle, then it means that you are taking a drastic, new approach to some issue in your waking life.

Dream: Waterfall
Interpretation: To see a waterfall in your dream is symbolic of letting go.  You are releasing all those pent up emotions and negative feelings. Alternatively, the dream represents your goals and desires. In particular, if the waterfall is clear, then it represents revitalization, regeneration and renewal.

Dream: Lar
Interpretation: To see a larva in your dream symbolizes a rebirth. You are undergoing some inner changes and transformation.

Dream: Cantaloupe
Interpretation: To see or eat cantaloupe in your dream implies that you put forth a tough image, but are sensitive on the inside. Metaphorically, cantaloupes can refer to the breasts.
